Goals of Mindfulness Practice Reduce Suffering and Increase Happiness Reduce pain, tension, and stress.
Increase Control of Your Mind Stop letting your mind be in control of you.
Experience Reality as It Is Live life with your eyes wide open.
Experience the reality of your .
.
.
connection to the universe.
essential goodness.
essential validity.
Mindfulness Handout a Mindfulness Definitions What Is Mindfulness?
Intentionally living with awareness in the present moment.
(Waking up from automatic or rote behaviors to participate and be present to our own lives.)
Without judging or rejecting the moment.
(Noticing consequences, discerning helpfulness and harmfulnessbut letting go of evaluating, avoiding, suppressing, or blocking the present moment.)
Without attachment to the moment.
(Attending to the experience of each new moment, rather than ignoring the present by clinging to the past or grabbing for the future.)
What Are Mindfulness Skills?
Mindfulness skills are the specific behaviors to practice that, when put together, make up mindfulness.
What Is Mindfulness Practice?
Mindfulness and mindfulness skills can be practiced at any time, anywhere, while doing anything.
Intentionally paying attention to the moment, without judging it or holding on to it, is all that is needed.
Meditation is practicing mindfulness and mindfulness skills while sitting, standing, or lying quietly for a predetermined period of time.
When meditating, we focus the mind (for example, we focus on body sensations, emotions, thoughts, or our breath), or we open the mind (paying attention to whatever comes into our awareness).
There are many forms of meditation that differ mostly by whether we are opening the mind or focusing the mindand, if focusing, depending on what is the focus of our attention.
Contemplative prayer (such as Christian centering prayer, the rosary, Jewish Shema, Islamic Sufi practice, or Hindu raja yoga) is a spiritual mindfulness practice.
Mindfulness movement also has many forms.
Examples include yoga, martial arts (such as Qigong, tai chi, akido, and karate), and spiritual dancing.
Hiking, horseback riding, and walking can also be ways to practice mindfulness.
Handouts for Core Mindfulness Skills Overview: Core Mindfulness Skills Wise Mind: States of Mind What Skills (what you do when practicing mindfulness): Observing, Describing, Participating How Skills (how you practice when practicing mindfulness): Nonjudgmentally, One-Mindfully, Effectively Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheet ) .p ; Wise Mind: States of Mind REASONABLE MIND WISE MIND Reasonable Mind Is: Emotion Mind Is: Cool Rational Task-Focused When in reasonable mind, you are ruled by facts, reason, logic, and pragmatics.
Values and feelings are not important.
EMOTION MIND Hot Wise Mind Is: The wisdom within each person Seeing the value of both reason and emotion Bringing left brain and right brain together Mood-Dependent Emotion-Focused When in emotion mind, you are ruled by your moods, feelings, and urges to do or say things.
Facts, reason, and logic are not important.
The middle path Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) (Mindfulness Worksheet ) .p ; Ideas for Practicing Wise Mind The mindfulness skills often require a lot of practice.
As with any new skill, it is important to first practice when you dont need the skill.
If you practice in easier situations, the skill will become automatic, and you will have the skill when you need it.
Practice with your eyes closed and with your eyes open.
.
Stone flake on the lake.
Imagine that you are by a clear blue lake on a beautiful sunny day.
Then imagine that you are a small flake of stone, flat and light.
Imagine that you have been tossed out onto the lake and are now gently, slowly, floating through the calm, clear blue water to the lakes smooth, sandy bottom.
Notice what you see, what you feel as you float down, perhaps in slow circles, floating toward the bottom.
As you reach the bottom of the lake, settle your attention there within yourself.
Notice the serenity of the lake; become aware of the calmness and quiet deep within.
As you reach the center of your self, settle your attention there.
.
Walking down the spiral stairs.
Imagine that within you is a spiral staircase, winding down to your very center.
Starting at the top walk very slowly down the staircase, going deeper and deeper within yourself.
Notice the sensations.
Rest by sitting on a step, or turn on lights on the way down if you wish.
Do not force yourself further than you want to go.
Notice the quiet.
As you reach the center of your self, settle your attention thereperhaps in your gut or your abdomen.
.
Breathing Wise in, Mind out.
Breathing in, say to yourself, Wise; breathing out, say Mind.
Focus your entire attention on the word wise, then, focus it again entirely on the word mind.
Continue until you sense that you have settled into Wise Mind.
.
Asking Wise Mind a question.
Breathing in, silently ask Wise Mind a question.
Breathing out, listen for the answer.
Listen, but do not give yourself the answer.
Do not tell yourself the answer; listen for it.
Continue asking on each in-breath for some time.
If no answer comes, try again another time.
(continued on next page) Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) .
Asking is this Wise Mind?
Breathing in, ask yourself, Is this (action, thought, plan, etc.)
Wise Mind?
Breathing out, listen for the answer.
Listen, but do not give yourself the answer.
Do not tell yourself the answer; listen for it.
Continue asking on each in-breath for some time.
If no answer comes, try again another time.
.
Attending to your breath coming in and out, let your attention settle into your center.
Breathing in completely, notice and follow the sensations of your breath coming in.
Let your attention settle into your center, at the bottom of your breath, at your solar plexusor Let your attention settle in the center of your forehead, your third eye, at the top of your breath.
Keeping your attention at your center, exhale, breathing normally, maintaining attention.
Settle into Wise Mind.
.
Expanding awareness.
Breathing in, focus your awareness on your center.
Breathing out, stay aware of your center, but expand awareness to the space you are in now.
Continue on in the moment.
.
Dropping into the pauses between inhaling and exhaling.
Breathing in, notice the pause after inhaling (top of breath).
Breathing out, notice the pause after exhaling (bottom of breath).
At each pause, let yourself fall into the center space within the pause.
Other Wise Mind practice ideas: .
Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheets c, b ) , .
pp ; Taking Hold of Your Mind: What Skills Observe Notice your body sensations (coming through your eyes, ears, nose, skin, and tongue).
Pay attention on purpose, to the present moment.
Control your attention, but not what you see.
Push away nothing.
Cling to nothing.
Practice wordless watching: Watch thoughts come into your mind and let them slip right by like clouds in the sky.
Notice each feeling, rising and falling, like waves in the ocean.
Observe both inside and outside yourself.
Describe Put words on the experience.
When a feeling or thought arises, or you do something, acknowledge it.
For example, say in your mind, Sadness has just enveloped me, or Stomach muscles tightening, or A thought I cant do this has come into my mind.
Label what you observe.
Put a name on your feelings.
Label a thought as just a thought, a feeling as just a feeling, an action as just an action.
Unglue your interpretations and opinions from the facts.
Describe the who, what, when, and where that you observe.
Just the facts.
Remember, If you cant observe it through your senses, you cant describe it.
Participate Throw yourself completely into activities of the current moment.
Do not separate yourself from what is going on in the moment (dancing, cleaning, talking to a friend, feeling happy or feeling sad).
Become one with whatever you are doing, completely forgetting yourself.
Throw your attention to the moment.
Act intuitively from Wise Mind.
Do just what is needed in each situationa skillful dancer on the dance floor, one with the music and your partner, neither willful nor sitting on your hands.
Go with the flow.
Respond with spontaneity.
Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) (Mindfulness Worksheets c, b ) , .
pp ; Ideas for Practicing Observing By Coming Back to Your Senses Remember: Observing is bringing your mind back to the sensations of your body and mind.
Observe with your eyes: .
Lie on the ground and watch the clouds in the sky.
.
Walking slowly, stopping somewhere with a view, notice flowers, trees, and nature itself.
.
Sit outside.
Watch who and what go by in front of you, without following them with your head or your eyes.
.
Notice the facial expression and movements of another person.
Refrain from labeling the persons emotions, thoughts, or interests.
.
Notice just the eyes, lips, or hands of another person (or just one feature of an animal).
.
Pick up a leaf, a flower, or a pebble.
Look at it closely, trying to see each detail.
.
Find something beautiful to look at, and spend a few minutes contemplating it.
.
Observe sounds: .
Stop for a moment and just listen.
Listen to the texture and shape of the sounds around you.
Listen to the silences between the sounds.
.
If someone is talking, listen to the pitch of the voice, to the smoothness or roughness of the sounds, to the clarity or the mumbling of the speech, to the pauses between the words.
.
Listen to music, observing each note as it comes and the spaces between the notes.
Try breathing the sounds into your body and letting them flow out again on your out breath.
.
Observe smells around you: .
Breathing in, notice any smells around you.
Bring something close to your nose, and notice the smells.
Take it away, and then notice the smells again.
Do they linger?
.
When eating, notice the aroma of the food; when cooking, notice the aroma of the spices or other ingredients; when bathing, smell the soap or shampoo; when walking outside, notice the aroma of the air; when near flowers, bend down and smell the roses.
.
Observe taste and the act of eating: Putting something in your mouth, pay attention to the taste.
Keep it in your mouth, and .
notice all the taste sensations.
Lick a lollipop or something else.
Notice just the sensation of taste.
.
.
Eat a meal, or even a part of a meal, paying attention to the taste of each mouthful.
.
Observe urges to do something: When you are feeling an urge to do something impulsive, Urge-surf by imagining that your urges are a surfboard and you are standing on the .
board, riding the waves.
Notice any urge to avoid someone or something.
.
.
Scan your entire body, and notice the sensations.
Where in the body is the urge?
.
When you are chewing your food, notice when you have the urge to swallow.
.
(continued on next page) Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) Observe sensations of touch on your skin: .
Stroke your upper lip with your fingernail.
Stop stroking, and notice how long it takes before you cant sense your upper lip at all.
.
When walking, notice the sensations of walkingyour feet hitting the ground and rising up and down.
Sometimes walk very slowly and notice.
Sometimes walk very fast and notice.
.
When sitting, notice your thighs on the chair.
Notice the curve of your knees and your back.
.
Pay attention to anything touching you.
Try to feel your feet in your shoes, your body touching your clothes.
Feel your arms touching a chair.
Notice the sensations of your hands.
.
Touch somethingthe wall, a fabric, a table top, a pet, a piece of fruit, a person.
Notice the texture of what you feel, notice the sensations on your skin.
Try it again with another part of your body.
Notice the sensations again.
.
Focus your attention on the sensations in your chest, your stomach, or your shoulders.
.
Focus your attention on the place in your body where you feel tight or tense.
.
Focus your attention on the space between your eyes.
.
Observe your breath: Breathe evenly and gently, focusing your attention on: .
The movement of your stomach.
As you begin to breathe in, allow your belly to rise in order to bring air into the lower half of your lungs.
As the upper halves of your lungs begin to fill with air, your chest begins to rise.
As you breathe out, notice your belly, then notice your chest.
Dont tire yourself.
.
The pauses in your breathing.
As you breathe in, notice the brief pause when your lungs have filled with air.
As you breathe out, notice the brief pause when you have expelled all the air.
.
The sensations in your nose as you breathe in and as you breathe out.
As you breathe, close your mouth and breathe in through your nose, noticing the sensations traveling up and down your nostrils.
.
Your breath while walking slowly.
Breathe normally.
Determine the length of your breaththe exhalation and the inhalationby the number of your footsteps.
Continue for a few minutes.
Begin to lengthen your exhalation by one step.
Do not force a longer inhalation.
Let it be natural.
Watch your inhalation carefully to see whether there is a desire to lengthen it.
Now lengthen the exhalation by one more footstep.
Watch to see whether the inhalation also lengthens by one step or not.
Only lengthen the inhalation when you feel that it will be comfortable.
After breaths, return your breath to normal.
.
Your breath while listening to a piece of music.
Breathe long, light, and even breaths.
Follow your breath; be master of it, while remaining aware of the movement and sentiments of the music.
Do not get lost in the music, but continue to be master of your breath and yourself.
.
Your breath while listening to a friends words and your own replies.
Continue as with music.
.
(continued on next page) Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) Observe thoughts coming in and out of your mind: .
Notice thoughts as they come into your mind.
Ask, Where do thoughts come from?
Then watch them to see if you can see where they come into your mind.
.
As you notice thoughts in your mind, notice the pauses between each thought.
.
Imagine that your mind is the sky and that thoughts are clouds.
Notice each thought-cloud as it drifts by, letting it drift in and out of your mind.
Imagine thoughts as leaves on water flowing down a stream, as boats drifting by on the lake, or as train cars rolling by you.
.
When worries go round and round in your mind, move your attention to the sensations in your body (those most intense right now).
Then, keeping your attention on your body sensations, notice how long it takes for the worries to ooze away.
.
Step back from your mind, as if you are on top of a mountain and your mind is just a boulder down below.
Gaze at your mind, watching what thoughts come up when you are watching it.
Come back into your mind before you stop.
Watch for the first two thoughts that come into your mind.
.
.
Imagine that your mind is a: .
Conveyor belt, and that thoughts and feelings are coming down the belt.
Put each thought or feeling in a box, and then put it on the conveyor belt and let it go by.
.
Conveyor belt, and that you are sorting thoughts and feelings as they come down the belt.
Label the types of thoughts or feelings coming by (e.g., worry thoughts, thoughts about my past, thoughts about my mother, planning-what-to-do thoughts, angry feeling, sad feelings).
Put them in boxes nearby for another time.
.
River, and that thoughts and feelings are boats going down the river.
Imagine sitting on the grass, watching the boats go by.
Describe or label each boat as it goes by.
Try not to jump on the boat.
.
Railroad track, and that thoughts and feelings are train cars going by.
Describe or label each as it goes by.
Try not to jump on the train.
.
Observe by expanding awareness: .
Breathing in, notice your breath.
Then, keeping your breath in your awareness, on the next breath notice your hands.
Then, keeping both in your awareness, on the next breath expand your awareness to sounds.
Continue holding all three in awareness at the same time.
Practice this awareness of threes at other times, selecting other things to be aware of.
.
Keeping your focus on what you are currently doing, gently expand your awareness to include the space around you.
.
Go hug a tree, and feel the sensations of the embrace.
Attend to the embrace of the sheets and blankets or comforters around you as you lie in bed.
Do this when you feel lonely and want to be loved or to love.
.
(continued on next page) Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) Open your mind to your senses: .
Practice walking with your senses as wide open as you can make them.
Notice what you hear, see, and feel.
Notice what you feel when shifting your weight between each step.
Notice your body experience as you turn.
.
For one mouthful in a meal, pause with a spoonful or forkful of food.
Look at what you are going to eat, smell it, and listen to it.
Then, when you are ready, put it in your mouth.
Note the taste, texture, temperature, and even the sound your teeth make in chewing your mouthful slowly.
Note the changes in its taste, texture, temperature, and sound as you chew it to completion.
Focus your mind on paying attention to each sensation that comes into your mind.
.
Attend to sensations of sight, smell, touch, hearing, and taste, or to the thoughts generated by your brain.
Notice sensations as they arise, and notice them as they fall away.
Let your mind focus on each sensation as it arises.
Notice each sensation with curiosity, allowing it to be.
Examine the uniqueness of each sensation.
.
Be here.
Be in the present now.
Take a moment to notice every sense you are aware of.
To yourself, make a statement, about each sense: I feel the chair; the chair feels me.
I hear the heater; the heater hears me.
I see the wall; the wall sees me.
I hear a stomach growl; it hears me.
.
When a feeling arises within you, notice itsaying, for example, A feeling of sadness is arising within me.
.
When a thought arises within you, notice itsaying, for example, The thought It is hot in here is arising within me.
Take just a moment of your time, and practice nothing-to-do mind.
.
Let yourself become completely aware of your present experience, noticing sensations and the space around you.
.
Find a small object, one you can hold in your hand.
Place it in front of you on a table or in your lap.
Observe it closelyfirst not moving it, and then picking it up and turning it over and around, gazing at it from different angles and in different lights.
Just notice shapes, colors, sizes, and other characteristics that are visible.
Then change your focus to your fingers and hands touching the object.
Notice the sensations of touching the object; notice the texture, temperature, and feel of the object.
Put the object down.
Close your eyes, and inhale and exhale deeply and slowly.
Then, with beginners mind, open your eyes.
With new vision, once again notice the object.
With beginners mind, open to feeling new textures and sensations, explore the object with your fingers and hands.
Put down the object, and once again focus your mind on inhaling and exhaling once.
.
Mindfulness Handout b (Mindfulness Worksheets c, b ) , .
pp ; Ideas for Practicing Describing Practice describing what you see outside of yourself: .
Lie on the ground and watch the clouds in the sky.
Find and describe cloud patterns that you see.
.
Sit on a bench on a busy street or at a park.
Describe one thing about each person who walks by you.
.
Find things in naturea leaf, a drop of water, a pet or other animal.
Describe each thing in as much detail as you can.
.
Describe as accurately as you can what a person has just said to you.
Check to see if you are correct.
.
Describe a persons face when the person seems angry, afraid, or sad.
Notice and describe the shape, movement, and placement of the forehead, eyebrows, and eyes; the lips and mouth; the cheeks; and so on.
.
Describe what a person has done or is doing now.
Be very specific.
Avoid describing intentions or outcomes of the behavior that you do not directly observe.
Avoid judgmental language.
.
Practice describing thoughts and feelings: .
Describe your feelings as they arise within you: A feeling of anger is arising within me.
.
Describe your thoughts when you feel a strong emotion: I feel X, and my thoughts are Y. .
Describe your feelings after someone else does or says something: When you do X, I feel Y. .
Describe thoughts, feelings, and what you observed others do: When you do X, I feel Y, and my thoughts are Z.
When X occurs, I feel Y, and my thoughts are Z. .
Describe as many of your thoughts as you can while feeling a strong emotion.
.
Practice describing your breathing: .
Each time you inhale and exhale, as you inhale, be aware that I am inhaling, .
When you exhale, be aware that I am exhaling, .
Remember to breathe from the stomach.
When beginning the second inhalation, be aware that I am inhaling, .
And, slowly exhaling, be aware that I am exhaling, .
Continue on up through .
After you have reached , return to .
Whenever you lose count, return to .
.
Begin to inhale gently and normally (from the stomach), describing in your mind that I am inhaling normally.
Exhale in awareness, I am exhaling normally.
Continue for three breaths.
On the fourth breath, extend the inhalation, describing in your mind that I am breathing in a long inhalation.
Exhale in awareness, I am breathing out a long exhalation.
Continue for three breaths.
Follow the entrance and exit of air.
Say to yourself, I am inhaling and following the .
inhalation from its beginning to its end.
I am exhaling and following the exhalation from its beginning to its end.
.
Mindfulness Handout c (Mindfulness Worksheets c, b ) , .
pp ; Ideas for Practicing Participating Participate with awareness of connection to the universe: .
Focus your attention on where your body touches an object (floor or ground, air molecules, a chair or armrest, your bed sheets and covers, your clothes, etc.).
Try to see all the ways you are connected to and accepted by that object.
Consider the function of that object with relation to you.
That is, consider what the object does for you.
Consider its kindness in doing that.
Experience the sensation of touching the object, and focus your entire attention on that kindness until a sense of being connected or loved or cared for arises in your heart.
Examples: Focus your attention on your feet touching the ground.
Consider the kindness of the ground holding you up, providing a path for you to get to other things, not letting you fall away from everything else.
Focus your attention on your body touching the chair you sit in.
Consider how the chair accepts you totally, holds you up, supports your back, and keeps you from falling down on the floor.
Focus your attention on the sheets and covers on your bed.
Consider the touch of the sheets and covers holding you, surrounding and keeping you warm and comfortable.
Consider the walls in the room.
They keep out the wind and the cold and the rain.
Think of how the walls are connected to you via the floor and the air in the room.
Experience your connection to the walls that provide you with a secure place to do things.
Go hug a tree.
Think of how you and the tree are connected.
Life is in you and in the tree and both of you are warmed by the sun, held by the air and supported by the earth.
Try and experience the tree loving you by providing something to lean on, or by shading you.
.
Dance to music.
.
Sing along with music you are listening to.
.
Sing in the shower.
.
Sing and dance while watching TV.
.
Jump out of bed and dance, or sing before getting dressed.
.
Go to a church that sings, and join in the singing.
.
Play karaoke with friends or at a karaoke club or bar.
Throw yourself into what another person is saying.
.
.
Go running, focusing only on running.
.
Play a sport and throw yourself into playing.
Become the count of the breath, becoming only one when you count , becoming only .
two when you count , and so on.
.
Become a word as you slowly say the word over and over and over.
.
Take a class in improvisational acting.
.
Take a dance class.
.
Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheets c, c ) , .
pp ; Taking Hold of Your Mind: How Skills Nonjudgmentally See, but dont evaluate as good or bad.
Just the facts.
Accept each moment like a blanket spread out on the lawn, accepting both the rain and the sun and each leaf that falls upon it.
Acknowledge the difference between the helpful and the harmful, the safe and the dangerous, but dont judge them.
Acknowledge your values, your wishes, your emotional reactions, but dont judge them.
When you find yourself judging, dont judge your judging.
One-Mindfully Rivet yourself to now.
Be completely present to this one moment.
Do one thing at a time.
Notice the desire to be half-present, to be somewhere else, to go somewhere else in your mind, to do something else, to multitaskand then come back to one thing at a time.
When you are eating, eat.
When you are walking, walk.
When you are worrying, worry.
When you are planning, plan.
When you are remembering, remember.
Let go of distractions.
If other actions, or other thoughts, or strong feelings distract you, go back to what you are doingagain, and again, and again.
Concentrate your mind.
If you find you are doing two things at once, stopgo back to one thing at a time (the opposite of multitasking!).
Effectively Be mindful of your goals in the situation, and do what is necessary to achieve them.
Focus on what works.
(Dont let emotion mind get in the way of being effective.)
Play by the rules.
Act as skillfully as you can.
Do what is needed for the situation you are innot the situation you wish you were in; not the one that is fair; not the one that is more comfortable.
Let go of willfulness and sitting on your hands.
Mindfulness Handout a (Mindfulness Worksheets c, c ) , .
pp ; Ideas for Practicing Nonjudgmentalness Leaving out comparisons, judgments, and assumptions: .
Practice observing judgmental thoughts and statements, saying in your mind, Ajudgmental thought arose in my mind.
.
Count judgmental thoughts and statements (by moving objects or pieces of paper from one pocket to another, by clicking a sports counter, or by marking a piece of paper).
.
Replace judgmental thoughts and statements with nonjudgmental thoughts and statements.
Tips for replacing judgment by stating the facts: .
Describe the facts of the event or situationonly what is observed with your senses.
.
Describe the consequences of the event.
Keep to the facts.
.
Describe your own feelings in response to the facts (remember, emotions are not judgments).
.
Observe your judgmental facial expressions, postures, and voice tones (including voice tones in your head).
.
Change judgmental expressions, postures, and voice tones.
.
Tell someone what you did today nonjudgmentally, or about an event that occurred.
Stay very concrete; only relate what you observed directly.
.
Write out a nonjudgmental description of an event that prompted an emotion.
.
Write out a nonjudgmental blow-by-blow account of a particularly important episode in your day.
Describe both what happened in your environment and what your thoughts, feelings, and actions were.
Leave out any analysis of why something happened, or why you thought, felt, or acted as you did.
Stick to the facts that you observed.
.
Imagine a person you are angry with.
Bring to mind what the person has done that has caused so much anger.
Try to become that person, seeing life from that persons point of view.
Imagine that persons feelings, thoughts, fears, hopes, and wishes.
Imagine that persons history and what has happened in his or her history.
Imagine understanding that person.
When judgmental, practice half-smiling and/or willing hands.
(See Distress Tolerance .
Handout : Half-Smiling and Willing Hands.)
.
Mindfulness Handout b (Mindfulness Worksheets c, c ) , .
pp ; Ideas for Practicing One-Mindfulness .
Awareness while making tea or coffee.
Prepare a pot of tea or coffee to serve a guest or to drink by yourself.
Do each movement slowly, in awareness.
Do not let one detail of your movements go by without being aware of it.
Know that your hand lifts the pot by its handle.
Know that you are pouring the fragrant, warm tea or coffee into the cup.
Follow each step in awareness.
Breathe gently and more deeply than usual.
Take hold of your breath if your mind strays.
.
Awareness while washing the dishes.
Wash the dishes consciously, as though each bowl is an object of contemplation.
Consider each bowl sacred.
Follow your breath to prevent your mind from straying.
Do not try to hurry to get the job over with.
Consider washing the dishes the most important thing in life.
.
Awareness while hand-washing clothes.
Do not wash too many clothes at one time.
Select only three or four articles of clothing.
Find the most comfortable position to sit or stand, so as to prevent a backache.
Scrub the clothes consciously.
Hold your attention on every movement of your hands and arms.
Pay attention to the soap and water.
When you have finished scrubbing and rinsing, your mind and body will feel as clean and fresh as your clothes.
Remember to maintain a half-smile and take hold of your breath whenever your mind wanders.
.
Awareness while cleaning house.
Divide your work into stages: straightening things and putting away books, scrubbing the toilet, scrubbing the bathroom, sweeping the floors, and dusting.
Allow a good length of time for each task.
Move slowly, three times more slowly than usual.
Focus your attention fully on each task.
For example, while placing a book on the shelf, look at the book; be aware of what book it is; know that you are in the process of placing it on the shelf; and know that you intend to put it in that specific place.
Know that your hand reaches for the book and picks it up.
Avoid any abrupt or harsh movement.
Maintain awareness of the breath, especially when your thoughts wander.
.
Awareness while taking a slow-motion bath.
Allow yourself minutes to take a bath.
Dont hurry for even a second.
From the moment you prepare the bath water to the moment you put on clean clothes, let every motion be light and slow.
Be attentive of every movement.
Place your attention on every part of your body, without discrimination or fear.
Be aware of each stream of water on your body.
By the time youve finished, your mind will feel as peaceful and light as your body.
Follow your breath.
Think of yourself as being in a clean and fragrant lotus pond in the summer.
Awareness with meditation.
Sit comfortably on the floor with your back straight, on the .
floor or in a chair with both feet touching the floor.
Close your eyes all the way, or open them slightly and gaze at something near.
With each breath, say to yourself, quietly and gently, the word One.
As you inhale, say the word One.
As you exhale, say the word One, calmly and slowly.
Try to collect your whole mind and put it into this one word.
When your mind strays, return gently to saying One.
If you start wanting to move, try not to move.
Just gently observe wanting to move.
Continue practicing a little past wanting to stop.
Just gently observe wanting to stop.
.
Note.
Adapted from The Miracle of Mindfulness (pp. )
by Thich Nhat Hanh.
Copyright , by Thich Nhat Hanh.
Preface and English translation copyright , , by Mobi Ho.
Adapted by permission of Beacon Press, Boston.
Mindfulness Handout c (Mindfulness Worksheets c, c ) , .
pp ; Ideas for Practicing Effectiveness .
Observe when you begin to get angry or hostile with someone.
Ask yourself, Is this effective?
.
Observe yourself when you start wanting to be right instead of effective.
Give up being right and switch to trying to be effective.
.
Notice willfulness in yourself.
Ask yourself, Is this effective?
.
Drop willfulness, and practice acting effectively instead.
Notice the difference.
.
When feeling angry or hostile or like you're about to do something ineffective, practice willing hands.
.
Handouts for Other Perspectives on Mindfulness Skills Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheets b ) .
pp ; Overview: Other Perspectives on Mindfulness Mindfulness Practice: A Spiritual Perspective Skillful Means: Taking hold of your everyday life by balancing Doing Mind and Being Mind Wise Mind: Walking the Middle Path Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheet ) .p ; Goals of Mindfulness Practice: A Spiritual Perspective To Experience: Ultimate reality as it is which leads to a sense of inner spaciousness and awareness of intimate wholeness with the entire universe, the transcendence of boundaries, and the ground of our being.
To Grow in Wisdom: Of the heart and of action.
To Experience Freedom: By letting go of attachments to the demands of your own desires, cravings, and intense emotions, and radically accepting reality as it is.
To Increase Love and Compassion: Toward yourself.
Toward others.
Mindfulness Handout a Wise Mind from a Spiritual Perspective Wise Mind as .
.
.
Contemplative practice Mindfulness Meditation Contemplative prayer Contemplative action Centering prayer Wise Mind experience from a spiritual perspective Wise Mind from the perspective of mysticism (seven characteristics of mystical experiences) Thoughts, attitudes, and actions designed to help us express or experience connection to: The sacred, the divine within, the transcendent.
God, the Great Spirit, the Absolute, Elohim, the nameless one, Brahma, Allah, Parvardigar.
Ultimate reality, the totality, the source, our essential nature, our true self, the core of our being, the ground of being.
No self, emptiness.
Experience where a deeper layer of reality rises to consciousness.
A reality that has always been there but has been misperceived.
An experience of expansion of consciousness; the experience of unity and oneness within the sacred.
.
Direct experience: Experience without words of ultimate reality.
.
Experience of unity: Awareness of oneness and of no distance between oneself, reality, and all other beings.
.
Without words: Experience of reality that cannot be grasped and can only be described with metaphors and stories.
.
Certain: During the experience, certainty of the experience is total, undeniable, clear.
.
Practical: Experience that is concretely beneficial to ones life and well-being.
.
Integrative: Experience that establishes harmony of love, compassion, mercy, kindness; quieting of extreme emotions.
.
Sapiential: Experience that leads to wisdom, enhances capacity for intuitive knowledge.
Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheet ) .p ; Practicing Loving Kindness to Increase Love andCompassion What Is Loving Kindness?
Loving kindness is a mindfulness practice designed to increase love and compassion first for ourselves and then for our loved ones, for friends, for those we are angry with, for difficult people, for enemies, and then for all beings.
Loving kindness can protect us from developing and holding on to judgmentalness, ill will, and hostile feelings toward ourselves and others.
Practicing Loving Kindness Practicing loving kindness is like saying a prayer for yourself or someone else.
As when you are asking or praying for something for yourself or others, you actively send loving and kind wishes, and recite in your mind words and phrases that express good will toward yourself and others.
Loving Kindness Instructions .
Choose a person to send loving kindness toward.
Do not select a person you do not want to relate to with kindness and compassion.
Start with yourself, or, if this is too difficult, with a person you already love.
.
Sitting, standing, or lying down, begin by breathing slowly and deeply.
Opening the palms of your hands, gently bring the person to mind.
.
Radiate loving kindness by reciting a set of warm wishes, such as May I be happy, May I be at peace, May I be healthy, May I be safe, or another set of positive wishes of your own.
Repeat the script slowly, and focus on the meaning of each word as you say it in your mind.
(If you have distracting thoughts, just notice them as they come and go and gently bring your mind back to your script.)
Continue until you feel yourself immersed in loving kindness.
.
Gradually work yourself up through loved ones, friends, those you are angry with, difficult people, enemies, and finally all beings.
For example, use a script such as May John be happy, May John be at peace, and so on (or John, may you be happy, May you be at peace, and so on), as you concentrate on radiating loving kindness to John.
.
Practice each day, starting with yourself and then moving to others.
Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheets , , ) .
pp ; Skillful Means: Balancing Doing Mind and Being Mind DOING MIND WISE MIND BEING MIND Doing Mind Is: Being Mind Is: Discriminating Mind Curious Mind Ambitious Mind Nothing-to-Do Mind Goal-Oriented When in doing mind, you view your thoughts as facts about the world.
You are focused on problem solving and achieving goals.
Wise Mind Is: A balance of doing and being The middle path When in Wise Mind, you: Present-Oriented When in being mind, you view your thoughts as sensations of the mind.
You are focused on the uniqueness of each moment, letting go of focusing on goals.
Use skillful means.
Let go of having to achieve goalsand throw your entire self into working toward these same goals.
Enhance awareness while engaging in activities.
Note.
The terms doing mind, being mind, and nothing-to-do mind were first used by Jon Kabat-Zinn in Full Catastrophe Living ( , ).
Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) (Mindfulness Worksheets , , ) .
pp ; Ideas for Practicing Balancing Doing Mind and Being Mind The mindfulness skills require a lot of practice.
The practice ideas below are to help you act skillfully in everyday life, bringing together doing activities of everyday life with being mind.
Wise Mind reading.
To increase your desire for mindfulness, find readings or quotations .
that have the effect of making you actually want to practice mindfulness in your everyday life.
Put these quotations at strategic spots in your life (e.g., near the coffee maker), and then while you are waiting for other things, read the inspirational messages.
.
Wise Mind reminders.
Set an alarm at home, at work, or (if possible) on your cell phone or watch to go off randomly or at set times.
Use the alarm as a reminder to be mindful of your current activities.
(See www.mindfulnessdc.org/bell/index.html or a similar Internet site for a free mindfulness clock to download onto your computer.)
Set up automatic text messages or Twitter messages to remind yourself.
Write out mindfulness quotations that you like, and tape them in strategic places where you will see them as reminders to practice mindfulness.
.
Wise Mind in the routine of daily life.
Choose one routine activity in your daily life (such as brushing your teeth, getting dressed, making coffee or tea, working on a task).
Make a deliberate effort to bring moment-to-moment awareness to that activity.
.
Just this one moment Wise Mind.
When you begin to feel overwhelmed or frazzled, say, Just this one moment, just this one task, to remind yourself that your only requirement at the moment is to do one thing in the momentwash one dish, take one step, move one set of muscles.
In this moment, let the next moment go until you get there.
(continued on next page) Note.
Exercises and are from Segal, Z. V., Williams, J. M. G., & Teasdale, J. D. ( ).
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for depression: A new approach to preventing relapse ( nd ed.).
New York: Guilford Press.
Copyright by The Guilford Press.
Adapted by permission.
All other exercises are adapted from Kabat-Zinn, J.
( ).
Full catastrophe living: Using the wisdom of your body and mind to face stress, pain, and illness.
New York: Delacorte Press.
Copyright by Jon Kabat-Zinn.
Adapted by permission of Random House.
Mindfulness Handout a (p. of ) .
Wise Mind awareness of events.
Notice events in your everyday life (both pleasant and unpleasant), even if they are only very small (such as warm water on your hands when washing, the taste of something you eat, the feel of wind on your face, the fact that your car is running out of gas or that you are tired).
.
Wise Mind awareness of what needs to be done.
When relaxing after a hard days work or at a break during the day, stay aware of what needs to be done and focus on doing what is needed.
.
Wise Mind willingness.
Practice willingness to do what is needed when you are asked, or when you see that something needs to be done.
Do what is needed with a balance of being and doing, focusing the mind, immersing yourself in the task.
.
Three-minute WISE MIND: Slowing down doing mind in your everyday life Bring yourself into the present moment by adopting a wide-awake posture, and then, in Wise Mind, ask, What is my experience right now?
What thoughts and images are going through my mind?
Notice them as mental events, as neural firing in your brain.
Next ask, What are my feelings and sensations in my body?
Notice these as they come into your awareness.
Then say, OK, this is how it is right now.
Settle into Wise Mind and focus your entire attention on your breath as it goes in and as it goes out, one breath after another.
Gather yourself all together, and focus on the movements of your chest and abdomen, the rise and fall of your breath, moment by moment, breath by breath as best you can.
Let your breath become an anchor to bring you into the present moment.
Once you have gathered yourself to some extent, allow your awareness to expand.
As well as being aware of the breath, include also a sense of the body as a whole, your posture, your facial expression, your hands.
Follow the breath as if your whole body is breathing.
When you are ready, step back into your activities, acting from Wise Mind of your whole body in the present moment.
Other Wise Mind practice ideas: .
Mindfulness Handout (Mindfulness Worksheets , a, b ) .
pp ; Walking the Middle Path: Finding the Synthesis between Opposites Reasonable mind Emotion mind Both regulate actions and make decisions based on reason, And take into account values and experience even strong emotions as they come and go.
Doing mind Nothing-to-do mind Both do what is needed in the moment (including reviewing the past or planning for the future), And experience fully the uniqueness of each moment in the moment.
Intense desire for change of the moment Radical acceptance of the moment Both allow yourself to have an intense desire to have something else than what is now, And be willing to radically accept what you have in your life in the present moment.
Self-denial Self-indulgence Both practice moderation, And satisfy the senses.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handouts Handouts for Goals and Factors That Interfere Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Goals of Interpersonal Effectiveness Be Skillful in Getting What You Want and Need from Others Get others to do things you would like them to do.
Get others to take your opinions seriously.
Say no to unwanted requests effectively.
Build Relationships and End Destructive Ones Strengthen current relationships.
Dont let hurts and problems build up.
Use relationship skills to head off problems.
Repair relationships when needed.
Resolve conflicts before they get overwhelming.
Find and build new relationships.
End hopeless relationships.
Walk the Middle Path Create and maintain balance in relationships.
Balance acceptance and change in relationships.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout Factors in the Way of Interpersonal Effectiveness You Dont Have the Interpersonal Skills You Need You Dont Know What You Want You have the skills, but cant decide what you really want from the other person.
You cant figure out how to balance your needs versus the other persons needs: Asking for too much versus not asking for anything.
Saying no to everything versus giving in to everything.
Your Emotions Are Getting in the Way You have the skills, but emotions (anger, pride, contempt, fear, shame, guilt) control what you do.
You Forget Your Long-Term Goals for Short-Term Goals You put your immediate urges and wants ahead of your long-term goals.
The future vanishes from your mind.
Other People Are Getting in Your Way You have the skills but other people get in the way.
Other people are more powerful than you.
Other people may be threatened or may not like you if you get what you want.
Other people may not do what you want unless you sacrifice your self-respect, at least a little.
Your Thoughts and Beliefs Are Getting in the Way Worries about negative consequences if you ask for what you want or say no to someones request get in the way of acting effectively.
Beliefs that you dont deserve what you want stop you in your tracks.
Beliefs that others dont deserve what they want make you ineffective.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Myths in the Way of Interpersonal Effectiveness Myths in the Way of Objectives Effectiveness .
I dont deserve to get what I want or need.
.
If I make a request, this will show that I am a very weak person.
.
I have to know whether a person is going to say yes before I make a request.
.
If I ask for something or say no, I cant stand it if someone gets upset with me.
.
If they say no, it will kill me.
.
Making requests is a really pushy (bad, self-centered, selfish, etc.)
thing to do.
.
Saying no to a request is always a selfish thing to do.
.
I should be willing to sacrifice my own needs for others.
.
I must be really inadequate if I cant fix this myself.
.
Obviously, the problem is just in my head.
If I would just think differently I wouldnt have to bother everybody else.
.
If I dont have what I want or need, it doesnt make any difference; I dont care really.
.
Skillfulness is a sign of weakness.
Other myth: Other myth: Myths in the Way of Relationship and Self-Respect Effectiveness .
I shouldnt have to ask (say no); they should know what I want (and do it).
.
They should have known that their behavior would hurt my feelings; I shouldnt have to tell them.
.
I shouldnt have to negotiate or work at getting what I want.
.
Other people should be willing to do more for my needs.
.
Other people should like, approve of, and support me.
.
They dont deserve my being skillful or treating them well.
.
Getting what I want when I want it is most important.
.
I shouldnt be fair, kind, courteous, or respectful if others are not so toward me.
.
Revenge will feel so good; it will be worth any negative consequences.
.
Only wimps have values.
.
Everybody lies.
.
Getting what I want is more important than how I get it; the ends really do justify the means.
Other myth: Other myth: Handouts for Obtaining Objectives Skillfully Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout Overview: Obtaining Objectives Skillfully Clarifying Priorities How important is: Getting what you want/obtaining your goal?
Keeping the relationship?
Maintaining your self-respect?
Objectives Effectiveness: DEAR MAN Be effective in asserting your rights and wishes.
Relationship Effectiveness: GIVE Act in such a way that you maintain positive relationships and that others feel good about themselves and about you.
Self-Respect Effectiveness: FAST Act in such a way that you keep your self-respect.
Factors to Consider Decide how firm or intense you want to be in asking for something or saying no.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Clarifying Goals in Interpersonal Situations Objectives Effectiveness: Getting What You Want from Another Person Obtaining your legitimate rights.
Getting another person to do something you want that person to do.
Saying no to an unwanted or unreasonable request.
Resolving an interpersonal conflict.
Getting your opinion or point of view taken seriously.
Questions .
What specific results or changes do I want from this interaction?
.
What do I have to do to get the results?
What will work?
Relationship Effectiveness: Keeping and Improving the Relationship Acting in such a way that the other person keeps liking and respecting you.
Balancing immediate goals with the good of the long-term relationship.
Maintaining relationships that matter to you.
Questions .
How do I want the other person to feel about me after the interaction is over (whether or not I get the results or changes I want)?
.
What do I have to do to get (or keep) this relationship?
Self-Respect Effectiveness: Keeping or Improving Self-Respect Respecting your own values and beliefs.
Acting in a way that makes you feel moral.
Acting in a way that makes you feel capable and effective.
Questions .
How do I want to feel about myself after the interaction is over (whether or not I get the results or changes I want)?
.
What do I have to do to feel that way about myself?
What will work?
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheets , ) .
pp ; Guidelines for Objectives Effectiveness: Getting What You Want (DEAR MAN) A way to remember these skills is to remember the term DEAR MAN: D escribe Describe Express Assert Reinforce (Stay) Mindful Appear Confident Negotiate Describe the current situation (if necessary).
Stick to the facts.
Tell the person exactly what you are reacting to.
You told me you would be home by dinner but you didnt get here until .
E xpress Express your feelings and opinions about the situation.
Dont assume that the other person knows how you feel.
When you come home so late, I start worrying about you.
A ssert R einforce Use phrases such as I want instead of You should, I dont want instead of You shouldnt.
Assert yourself by asking for what you want or saying no clearly.
Do not assume that others will figure out what you want.
Remember that others cannot read your mind.
I would really like it if you would call me when you are going to be late.
Reinforce (reward) the person ahead of time (so to speak) by explaining positive effects of getting what you want or need.
If necessary, also clarify the negative consequences of not getting what you want or need.
I would be so relieved, and a lot easier to live with, if you do that.
Remember also to reward desired behavior after the fact.
(continued on next page) Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) (Stay) M indful Keep your focus on your goals.
Maintain your position.
Dont be distracted.
Dont get off the topic.
Broken record: Keep asking, saying no, or expressing your opinion over and over and over.
Just keep replaying the same thing again and again.
Ignore attacks: If another person attacks, threatens, or tries to change the subject, ignore the threats, comments, or attempts to divert you.
Do not respond to attacks.
Ignore distractions.
Just keep making your point.
I would still like a call.
A ppear confident Appear effective and competent.
Use a confident voice tone and physical manner; make good eye contact.
No stammering, whispering, staring at the floor, retreating.
N egotiate No saying, Im not sure, etc.
Be willing to give to get.
Offer and ask for other solutions to the problem.
Reduce your request.
Say no, but offer to do something else or to solve the problem another way.
Focus on what will work.
How about if you text me when you think you might be late?
Turn the tables: Turn the problem over to the other person.
Ask for other solutions.
What do you think we should do?
.
.
.
I cant just stop worrying about you [or Im not willing to].
Other ideas: Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Applying DEAR MAN Skills to a Difficult CurrentInteraction To turn around really difficult situations, focus the skills on the other persons behavior right now.
When other people have really good skills themselves, and keep refusing your legitimate requests or pestering you to do something you dont want to do.
Apply DEAR MAN Skills .
Describe the current interaction.
If the broken record and ignoring dont work, make a statement about what is happening between you and the person now, but without imputing motives.
Example: You keep asking me over and over, even though I have already said no several times, or It is hard to keep asking you to empty the dishwasher when it is your month to do it.
Not: You obviously dont want to hear what I am saying, You obviously dont care about me, Well, its obvious that what I have to say doesnt matter to you, Obviously you think Im stupid.
.
Express feelings or opinions about the interaction.
For instance, in the middle of an interaction that is not going well, you can express your feelings of discomfort in the situation.
Example: I am sorry I cannot do what you want, but Im finding it hard to keep discussing it, or Its becoming very uncomfortable for me to keep talking about this, since I cant help it.
I am starting to feel angry about it, or Im not sure you think this is important for you to do.
Not: I hate you!, Every time we talk about this, you get defensive, Stop patronizing me!
.
Assert wishes in the situation.
When another person is pestering you, you can ask him or her to stop it.
When a person is refusing a request, you can suggest that you put the conversation off until another time.
Give the other person a chance to think about it.
Example: Please dont ask me again.
My answer wont change, or OK, lets stop discussing this now and pick it up again sometime tomorrow, or Lets cool down for a while and then get together to figure out a solution.
Not: Would you shut up?
You should do this!, You should really calm down and do whats right here.
.
Reinforce.
When you are saying no to someone who keeps asking, or when someone wont take your opinion seriously, suggest ending the conversation, since you arent going to change your mind anyway.
When trying to get someone to do something for you, you can suggest that you will come up with a better offer later.
Example: Lets stop talking about this now.
Im not going to change my mind, and I think this is just going to get frustrating for both of us, or OK, I can see you dont want to do this, so lets see if we can come up with something that will make you more willing to do it.
Not: If you dont do this for me, Ill never do anything for you ever again, If you keep asking me, Ill get a restraining order against you, Gosh, you must be a terrible person for not doing this/for asking me to do this.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheets , ) .
pp ; Guidelines for Relationship Effectiveness: Keeping theRelationship (GIVE) A way to remember these skills is to remember the word GIVE (DEAR MAN, GIVE): (Be) G entle (Be) Gentle (Act) Interested Validate (Use an) Easy manner Be nice and respectful.
No attacks: No verbal or physical attacks.
No hitting, clenching fists.
No harassment of any kind.
Express anger directly with words.
No threats: If you have to describe painful consequences for not getting what you want, describe them calmly and without exaggerating.
No manipulative statements, no hidden threats.
No Ill kill myself if you .
.
.
Tolerate a no.
Stay in the discussion even if it gets painful.
Exit gracefully.
No judging: No moralizing.
No If you were a good person, you would .
.
.
No You should .
.
.
or You shouldnt .
.
.
Abandon blame.
No sneering: No smirking, eye rolling, sucking teeth.
No cutting off or walking away.
No saying, Thats stupid, dont be sad, I dont care what you say.
(Act) I nterested V alidate Listen and appear interested in the other person.
Listen to the other persons point of view.
Face the person; maintain eye contact; lean toward the person rather than away.
Dont interrupt or talk over the person.
Be sensitive to the persons wish to have the discussion at a later time.
Be patient.
With words and actions, show that you understand the other persons feelings and thoughts about the situation.
See the world from the other persons point of view, and then say or act on what you see.
I realize this is hard for you, and .
.
.
, I see that you are busy, and .
.
.
Go to a private place when the person is uncomfortable talking in a public place.
(Use an) E Use a little humor.
Smile.
Ease the person along.
Be light-hearted.
Sweet-talk.
Use a soft sell over a hard sell.
Be political.
Leave your attitude at the door.
Other ideas: asy manner Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Expanding the V in GIVE: Levels of Validation .
Pay Attention: Look interested in the other person instead of bored (no multitasking).
.
Reflect Back: Say back what you heard the other person say or do, to be sure you understand exactly what the person is saying.
No judgmental language or tone of voice!
.
Read Minds: Be sensitive to what is not being said by the other person.
Pay attention to facial expressions, body language, what is happening, and what you know about the person already.
Show you understand in words or by your actions.
Check it out and make sure you are right.
Let go if you are not.
.
Understand: Look for how what the other person is feeling, thinking, or doing makes sense, based on the persons past experiences, present situation, and/or current state of mind or physical condition (i.e., the causes).
.
Acknowledge the Valid: Look for how the persons feelings, thinking, or actions are valid responses because they fit current facts, or are understandable because they are a logical response to current facts.
.
Show Equality: Be yourself!
Dont one-up or one-down the other person.
Treat the other as an equal, not as fragile or incompetent.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheets , ) .
pp ; Guidelines for Self-Respect Effectiveness: KeepingRespect for Yourself (FAST) A way to remember these skills is to remember the word FAST (DEAR MAN, GIVE FAST).
(Be) Fair (No) Apologies Stick to Values (Be) Truthful (Be) F air (No) A pologies S tick to values Be fair to yourself and to the other person.
Remember to validate your own feelings and wishes, as well as the other persons.
Dont overapologize.
No apologizing for being alive or for making a request at all.
No apologies for having an opinion, for disagreeing.
No looking ashamed, with eyes and head down or body slumped.
No invalidating the valid.
Stick to your own values.
Dont sell out your values or integrity for reasons that arent very important.
Be clear on what you believe is the moral or valued way of thinking and acting, and stick to your guns.
(Be) T Dont lie.
Dont act helpless when you are not.
Dont exaggerate or make up excuses.
Other ideas: ruthful Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Evaluating Options for Whether or How Intensely to Ask for Something or Say No Before asking for something or saying no to a request, you have to decide how intensely you want to hold your ground.
Options range from very low intensity, where you are very flexible and accept the situation as it is, to very high intensity, where you try every skill you know to change the situation and get what you want.
Options Low intensity (let go, give in) Asking Saying No Dont ask; dont hint.
Do what the other person wants without being asked.
Hint indirectly; take no.
Dont complain; do it cheerfully.
Hint openly; take no.
Do it, even if youre not cheerful about it.
Ask tentatively; take no.
Do it, but show that youd rather not.
Ask gracefully, but take no.
Say youd rather not, but do it gracefully.
Ask confidently; take no.
Say no confidently, but reconsider.
Ask confidently; resist no.
Say no confidently; resist saying yes.
Ask firmly; resist no.
Say no firmly; resist saying yes.
Ask firmly; insist; negotiate; keep trying.
Say no firmly; resist; negotiate; keep trying.
Ask and dont take no for an answer.
Dont do it.
High intensity (stay firm) (continued on next page) Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) Factors to Consider When deciding how firm or intense you want to be in asking or saying no, think about: .
The other persons or your own capability.
.
Your priorities.
.
The effect of your actions on your self-respect.
.
Your or the others moral and legal rights in the situation.
.
Your authority over the person (or his or hers over you).
.
The type of relationship you have with the person.
.
The effect of your action on long- versus short-term goals.
.
The degree of give and take in your relationship.
.
Whether you have done your homework to prepare.
.
The timing of your request or refusal.
.
Capability: Is the person able to give you what you want?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
Do you have what the person wants?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
.
Priorities: Are your goals very important?
Increase intensity.
Is your relationship shaky?
Consider reducing intensity.
Is your self-respect on the line?
Intensity should fit your values.
.
Self-respect: Do you usually do things for yourself?
Are you careful to avoid acting helpless when you are not?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
Will saying no make you feel bad about yourself, even when you are thinking about it wisely?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
.
Rights: Is the person required by law or moral code to give you what you want?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
Are you required to give the person what he or she is asking for?
Would saying no violate the other persons rights?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
.
Authority: Are you responsible for directing the person or telling the person what to do?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
Does the person have authority over you (e.g., your boss, your teacher)?
And is what the person is asking within his or her authority?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
(continued on next page) Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout .
Relationship: (p. of ) Is what you want appropriate to the current relationship?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
Is what the person is asking for appropriate to your current relationship?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
Long-term versus short-term goals: Will not asking for what you want keep the peace now but create problems in the long run?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
.
GIve and take: What have you done for the person?
Are you giving at least as much as you ask for?
Are you willing to give if the person says yes?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
.
Is giving in to keep the peace right now more important than the long-term welfare of the relationship?
Will you eventually regret or resent saying no?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
Do you owe this person a favor?
Does he or she do a lot for you?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
.
Homework: Have you done your homework?
Do you know all the facts you need to know to support your request?
Are you clear about what you want?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
Is the other persons request clear?
Do you know what you are agreeing to?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
.
Timing: Is this a good time to ask?
Is the person in the mood for listening and paying attention to you?
Are you catching the person when he or she is likely to say yes to your request?
If yes, raise the intensity of asking.
Is this a bad time to say no?
Should you hold off answering for a while?
If no, raise the intensity of no.
Other factors: Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .
pp ; Troubleshooting: When What You Are Doing Isnt Working Do I have the skills I need?
Check out the instructions.
Review what has already been tried.
Do I know how to be skillful in getting what I want?
Do I know how to say what I want to say?
Do I follow the skill instructions to the letter?
Do I know what I really want in this interaction?
Ask: Am I undecided about what I really want in this interaction?
Am I unsure of my priorities?
Am I having trouble balancing: Asking for too much versus too little?
Saying no to everything versus saying yes to everything?
Is fear or shame getting in the way of knowing what I really want?
Are short-term goals getting in the way of long-term goals?
Ask: Is now, now, now winning out over getting what I really want in the future?
Is emotion mind controlling what I say and do instead of Wise Mind?
(continued on next page) Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) Are my emotions getting in the way of using my skills?
Ask: Do I get too upset to use my skills?
Are my emotions so high that I am over my skills breakdown point?
Are worries, assumptions, and myths getting in my way?
Ask: Are thoughts about bad consequences blocking my action?
They wont like me, She will think I am stupid.
Are thoughts about not deserving things getting in my way?
I am such a bad person I dont deserve this.
Am I calling myself names that stop me from doing anything?
I wont do it right, Ill probably fall apart, Im so stupid.
Do I believe myths about interpersonal effectiveness?
If I make a request, this will show that I am a weak person, Only wimps have values.
Is the environment more powerful than my skills?
Ask: Are the people who have what I want or need more powerful than I am?
Are other people more in control of the situation than I am?
Will others be threatened if I get what I want?
Do others have reasons for not liking me if I get what I want?
Other ideas: Handouts for Building Relationships and Ending Destructive Ones Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout Overview: Building Relationships and Ending Destructive Ones Finding and Getting People to Like You Proximity, similarity, conversation skills, expressing liking, and joining groups Mindfulness of Others Building closeness through mindfulness of others Ending Destructive/ Interfering Relationships Staying in Wise Mind Using skills Staying safe Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Finding and Getting People to Like You Remember: All Human Beings Are Lovable.
But finding friends may take effort on your part.
Look for People Who Are Close by You.
Familiarity often leads to liking and sometimes love.
To find people you might like and who might like you, it is important to make sure that you are frequently around and visible to a group of people.
Many people find friends who are classmates or members of groups they join, or who work at or go to the same places.
Look for People Who Are Similar to You.
We often make friends with people who share our interests and attitudes.
Though always agreeing with someone will not make you more attractive to them, a lot of people are attracted to those who share the same important interests and attitudes, such as politics, lifestyle, morals.
Work on Your Conversation Skills.
Ask and respond to questions; respond with a little more info than requested.
Make small talk; dont underestimate the value of chit-chat.
Self-disclose skillfully; keep your self-disclosure close to that of the other person.
Dont interrupt; dont start talking just fractionally before or after someone else.
Learn things to talk about: Watch others; read; increase your activities and experiences.
Express Liking (Selectively).
We often like the people we think like us.
Express genuine liking for the other person.
But dont try to suck up to the other person or grovel.
Find things to compliment that are not super-obvious.
Dont praise too much too often, and never use compliments to obtain favors.
(continued on next page) Adapted from Linehan, M. M., & Egan, K. J.
( ).
Asserting yourself.
New York: Facts on File.
Copyright by Facts on File Publications.
Adapted by permission of the authors.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) Join an Ongoing Group Conversation.
If we wait for people to approach us, we may never have friends.
Sometimes we must make the first move in finding friends.
This often requires us to know how to tell if a group is open or closed, and then, when it is open, how to approach and join in the ongoing group.
Figure Out If a Group Is Open or Closed.
In open groups new members are welcome.
In closed groups new members may not be welcome.
Open Groups Closed Groups Everyone is standing somewhat apart.
Members occasionally glance around the room.
There are gaps in the conversation.
Members are talking about a topic of general interest.
Everyone is standing close together.
Members attend exclusively to each other.
There is a very animated conversation with few gaps.
Members seem to be pairing off.
Figure Out How to Join an Open Group Conversation.
Ways of Joining an Open Group Potential Outcomes Move gradually closer to the group.
It may not be clear from the slowness of your approach that you want to join them; it might even look as though you were creeping up and trying to eavesdrop!
Offer to refill members glasses/ serve them food.
That could be overdoing things a bit.
What would you do if they refused more food/drinks?
Would it be clear enough that you wanted to join the group?
Stand beside them and chip in on their conversation.
That might seem rude.
They havent invited you to join them, and anyway, what exactly are you going to say when you chip in?
Go up and introduce yourself.
Isnt that overly formal?
Having introduced yourself, then what do you say?
Will they introduce themselves to you?
Wouldnt you interrupt the conversation?
Wait for a break in the conversation, stand beside a friendly-looking member of the group and say something like Mind if I join you?
This makes your intention clear and doesnt seem rude or interrupt the conversation; group members can then choose whether to introduce themselves or not.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Identifying Skills to Find People and Get Them toLike You For each A and B pair, check the more effective responses.
A.
Realize that good relationships depend on what you do.
B.
Think of relationships in vague, abstract terms.
A.
B.
A.
Expect people to beat a path to your door.
B.
Create and make full use of opportunities to come into regular contact with others.
A.
Say nothing or everything about yourself, regardless of what others reveal.
B.
Disclose roughly the same amount of personal information to others as they disclose to you.
A.
Mix with people who share your attitudes and interests.
B.
Mix with people with whom you have little in common.
A.
Keep good opinions of others to yourself.
B.
If you like others, let them know.
A.
Mix with people who respond positively to you and to life generally.
B.
Mix with cynics and pessimists.
A.
B.
A.
Express your opinions and attitudes, so that others can recognize similarities with you.
B.
Keep your opinions and attitudes to yourself.
A.
Rely on flattery to get what you want when you think it will work.
B. Dont use flattery to influence others.
A.
Answer questions briefly, and seldom ask or return them.
B.
Show interest in others by asking questions.
A.
Stand near a friendly-looking person in a new group, wait for a lull in the conversation, and then ask if its OK for you to join the group.
B.
Stand near a group of new people and make sure your comments or opinions are heard.
Stay out of conversations other people are having, so people know youre respectful.
Politely ask to join in conversations, so you can meet more people.
Protect yourself, and comment only on good points that are obvious to anyone and everyone.
Dont express liking indiscriminately.
Adapted from Linehan, M. M., & Egan, K. J.
( ).
Asserting yourself.
New York: Facts on File.
Copyright by Facts on File Publications.
Adapted by permission of the authors.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Mindfulness of Others Friendships last longer when we are mindful.
Observe Pay attention with interest and curiosity to others around you.
Stop multitasking; focus on the people you are with.
Stay in the present rather than planning what to say next.
Let go of a focus on self, and focus on others around you.
Be open to new information about others.
Notice judgmental thoughts about others, and let them go.
Give up clinging to always being right.
Describe Replace judgmental words with descriptive words.
Avoid assuming or interpreting what other people think about you without checking the facts.
(Remember, no one has ever observed another persons thoughts, motives, intentions, feelings, emotions, desires, or experiences.)
Avoid questioning other peoples motives (unless you have very good reasons to do so).
Give others the benefit of the doubt.
Participate Throw yourself into interactions with others.
Go with the flow, rather than trying to control the flow.
Become one with group activities and conversations.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Identifying Mindfulness of Others For each A and B pair, check the more effective response.
A. Multi-task and expect the other person to understand.
B.
Give your complete attention to the person you are with.
A.
Be open to peoples changing their minds about things, as well as their beliefs or feelings.
B.
Assume that when people change, they are not trustworthy.
A.
Figure that if you already know someone, you dont really have to pay such close attention to them any more.
B.
Recognize that closeness is built by attending to and learning more and more about people you care about.
A.
Evaluate other peoples behaviors and thoughts, and tell them that they are wrong or that they should be different when you feel sure you are right.
B. you do not approve of or agree If with what another person is doing or thinking, try to understand how it would make sense if you knew the A.
My feelings are really hurt by what you did, and the thought went through my mind that you hate me.
I know that you dont really, but did you feel that way at the time?
B. I know you hate me.
There is no other reason for what you did to me.
Dont tell me differently, either.
A.
You should stop doing that.
B. I wish you would stop doing that.
A.
In social situations, throw yourself into interactions.
B.
Stay reserved and watch social interactions so you dont make mistakes.
A.
Stay in control so that relationships turn out the way you want.
B.
Go with the flow much of the time when in social interactions with groups of friends.
A.
Find people with your values.
B.
Do little immoral things so as not to be a drag on friendships.
A.
Hold back in a conversation until you are sure you like the person.
B.
Throw yourself into a conversation until you are sure you dont like it.
causes.
A.
You are lazy and have given up.
B. I worry that you have given up.
A. I dont think that is correct.
B.
How could you possibly think that?
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .
pp ; Ending Relationships A destructive relationship has the quality of destroying or completely spoiling either the quality of the relationship or aspects of yourselfsuch as your physical body and safety, your self-esteem or sense of integrity, your happiness or peace of mind, or your caring for the other person.
An interfering relationship is one that blocks or makes difficult your pursuing goals that are important to you; your ability to enjoy life and do things you like doing; your relationships with other persons; or the welfare of others that you love.
Decide to end relationships in Wise Mind, never in emotion mind.
If the relationship is important and not destructive, and there is reason to hope it can be improved, try problem solving to repair a difficult relationship.
cope ahead to troubleshoot and practice ending the relationship ahead of time.
Be direct: Use the DEAR MAN GIVE FAST interpersonal effectiveness skills.
Practice opposite action for love when you find you love the wrong person.
Practice safety first!
Before leaving a highly abusive or life-threatening relationship, call a local domestic violence hotline or the toll-free National Domestic Violence Hotline ( - - - ) for help with safety planning and a referral to a qualified professional.
See also the International Directory of Domestic Violence Agencies (www.hotpeachpages.net).
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Identifying How to End Relationships For each A and B pair, check the more effective response.
A.
If a relationship is threatening your integrity or physical well being, it is probably your fault, and you should see a therapist.
B.
A relationship threatening your integrity or physical well-being is destructive, and you should consider getting out of it.
A.
Relationships should be easy.
If its hard to have a relationship with someone, its probably not worth it, and you should end it.
B.
Most relationships need problem solving to work.
A.
If ending a destructive relationship will be difficult, its most effective to stay together.
B.
If ending a destructive relationship will be difficult, its most effective to cope ahead of time.
A.
If you are in love with someone who does not love you back, practice DEAR MAN skills to get the person to love you.
B.
If you are in love with someone who does not love you back, practice opposite action to love.
A.
In an abusive relationship, if the person hits you, you should use your interpersonal skills to tell the person you are leaving the relationship.
B.
In an abusive relationship, you should seek professional assistance to leave the relationship.
A.
To decide whether to end a relationship, do pros and cons.
B.
To decide whether to end a relationship, use GIVE skills.
A.
If you feel consistently invalidated in a relationship, it is probably your fault.
B.
If you are consistently invalidated, the relationship is likely destructive.
In the middle of an argument, you are so mad at the other person you dont want to have anything to do with this person any more.
A.
You should end the relationship right then!
You may forget all about how enraging the person is if you wait.
B.
You should get out of emotion mind and into Wise Mind, and evaluate whether to stay or leave the relationship.
Handouts for Walking the Middle Path Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheets ) .
pp ; Overview: Walking the Middle Path Balancing Acceptance and Change Dialectics Balancing opposites while entering the paradox of yes and no, true and not true, at the very same time.
Validation Including the valid and understanable in ourselves and others.
Recovering from Invalidation From a nondefensive position, find the valid, acknowledge the invalid, and radically accept yourself.
Strategies for Changing Behavior Use behavioral principles to increase desired behaviors and decrease undesired behaviors.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheets , a, b ) .
pp ; Dialectics Dialectics reminds us that .
The universe is filled with opposing sides/opposing forces.
There is always more than one way to see a situation, and more than one way to solve a problem.
Two things that seem like opposites can both be true.
.
Everything and every person is connected in some way.
The waves and the ocean are one.
The slightest move of the butterfly affects the furthest star.
.
Change is the only constant.
Meaning and truth evolve over time.
Each moment is new; reality itself changes with each moment.
.
Change is transactional.
What we do influences our environment and other people in it.
The environment and other people influence us.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheets , a, b ) .
pp ; How to Think and Act Dialectically .
There is always more than one side to anything that exists.
Look for both sides.
Ask Wise Mind: What am I missing?
Where is the kernel of truth in the other side?
Let go of extremes: Change either-or to both-and, always or never to sometimes.
Balance opposites: Validate both sides when you disagree, accept reality, and work to change.
Make lemonade out of lemons.
Embrace confusion: Enter the paradox of yes and no, or true and not true.
Play devils advocate: Argue each side of your own position with equal passion.
Use metaphors and storytelling to unstick and free the mind.
Other ways to see all sides of a situation: .
Be aware that you are connected.
Treat others as you want them to treat you.
Look for similarities among people instead of differences.
Notice the physical connections among all things.
Other ways to stay aware of connections: .
Embrace change.
Throw yourself into change: Allow it.
Embrace it.
Practice radical acceptance of change when rules, circumstances, people, and relationships change in ways you dont like.
Practice getting used to change: Make small changes to practice this (e.g., purposely change where you sit, who you talk with, what route you take when going to a familiar place).
Other ways to embrace change: .
Change is transactional: Remember that you affect your environment and your environment affects you.
Pay attention to your effect on others and how they affect you.
Practice letting go of blame by looking for how your own and others behaviors are caused by many interactions over time.
Remind yourself that all things, including all behaviors, are caused.
Other ways to see transactions: Note.
Adapted from Miller, A. L., Rathus, J. H., & Linehan, M. M. ( ).
Dialectical behavior therapy with suicidal adolescents.
New York: Guilford Press.
Copyright by The Guilford Press.
Adapted by permission.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Examples of Opposite Sides That Can Both Be True .
You can want to change and be doing the best you can, AND still need to do better, try harder, and be more motivated to change.
.
You are tough AND you are gentle.
.
You can be independent AND also want help.
(You can allow somebody else to be independent and also give them help.)
.
You can want to be alone AND also want to be connected to others.
.
You can share some things with others AND also keep some things private.
.
You can be by yourself AND still be connected to others.
.
You can be with others AND be lonely.
.
You can be a misfit in one group AND fit in perfectly in another group.
(A tulip in a rose garden can also be a tulip in a tulip garden.)
.
You can accept yourself the way you are AND still want to change.
(You can accept others as they are AND still want them to change.)
.
At times you need to both control AND tolerate your emotions.
.
You may have a valid reason for believing what you believe, AND you may still be wrong or incorrect.
.
Someone may have valid reasons for wanting something from you, AND you may have valid reasons for saying no.
.
The day can be sunny, AND it can rain.
.
You can be mad at somebody AND also love and respect the person.
.
(You can be mad at yourself AND also love and respect yourself.)
.
You can have a disagreement with somebody AND also be friends.
.
You can disagree with the rules AND also follow the rules.
.
You can understand why somebody is feeling or behaving in a certain way, AND also disagree with his or her behavior and ask that it be changed.
.
Others: Note.
Adapted from Miller, A. L., Rathus, J. H., & Linehan, M. M. ( ).
Dialectical behavior therapy with suicidal adolescents.
New York: Guilford Press.
Copyright by The Guilford Press.
Adapted by permission.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout b Important Opposites to Balance .
Accepting reality AND working to change it.
.
Validating yourself and others AND acknowledging errors.
.
Working AND resting.
.
Doing things you need to do AND doing things you want to do.
.
Working on improving yourself AND accepting yourself exactly as you are.
.
Problem solving AND problem acceptance.
.
Emotion regulation AND emotion acceptance.
.
Mastering something on your own AND asking for help.
.
Independence AND dependence.
.
Openness AND privacy.
.
Trust AND suspicion.
.
Watching and observing AND participating.
.
Taking from others AND giving to others.
.
Focusing on yourself AND focusing on others.
.
Others: .
Others: .
Others: Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout c Identifying Dialectics For each group, check the most dialectical response.
A.
Pay attention to your effect on others.
B.
Assume that others reactions to you are unrelated to your treatment of them.
A.
Examine a difficult relationship by looking at how the interactions over time between you and the other person may be problematic.
B.
Assume that difficulties in a relationship are caused completely by you or by the other person.
Saying: A. I know I am right about this.
B. I can see your point of view, even though I do not agree with it.
C. The way you are thinking doesnt make any sense.
Saying: A.
It is hopeless.
I cannot do it.
B.
This is a breeze.
Ive got no problems.
C. This is really hard for me, and I am going to keep trying.
Saying: A.
Everyone always treats me unfairly.
B. I believe the coach should reconsider his decision to cut me from the team.
C. Coaches know best who to keep on teams and who to cut.
A.
When you disagree with someone, be sure and be very clear about your point of view.
B.
When you disagree with someone, try and see their point of view.
A.
Judge friends as disloyal and uncaring if they start changing in ways you dont like.
B.
Accept that interests change.
A.
Demand that relationships be stable without changing.
B.
Embrace change and see it as inevitable.
Note.
Adapted in part from Miller, A. L., Rathus, J. H., & Linehan, M. M. ( ).
Dialectical behavior therapy with suicidal adolescents.
New York: Guilford Press.
Copyright by The Guilford Press.
Adapted by permission.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Validation Validation Means: Finding the kernel of truth in another persons perspective or situation; verifying the facts of a situation.
Acknowledging that a persons emotions, thoughts, and behaviors have causes and are therefore understandable.
Not necessarily agreeing with the other person.
Not validating what is actually invalid.
Why Validate?
It improves our relationships by showing we are listening and understand.
It improves interpersonal effectiveness by reducing: .
Pressure to prove who is right .
Negative reactivity .
Anger It makes problem solving, closeness, and support possible.
Invalidation hurts.
Important Things to Validate The valid (and only the valid).
The facts of a situation.
A persons experiences, feelings/emotions, beliefs, opinions, or thoughts about something.
Suffering and difficulties.
Remember: Every invalid response makes sense in some way.
Validation is not necessarily agreeing.
Validation doesnt mean you like it.
Only validate the valid!
Note.
Adapted from Linehan, M. M. ( ).
Validation and psychotherapy.
In A. Bohart & L. Greenberg (Eds.
), Empathy reconsidered: New directions in psychotherapy (pp.
).
Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.
Copyright by the American Psychological Association.
Adapted by permission.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; A How To Guide to Validation .
Pay Attention: Look interested, listen, and observe.
No multitasking.
Make eye contact.
Stay focused.
Nod occasionally.
Respond with your face (e.g., smile at happy statements; look concerned when hearing something painful).
.
Reflect Back: Say back what you heard or observed to be sure you actually understand what the person is saying.
No judgmental language or voice tone!
Try to really get what the person feels or thinks.
Have an open mind.
(No disagreeing, criticizing, or trying to change the persons mind or goals.)
Use a voice tone that allows the other person to correct you .
.
.
and check the facts!
Example: So you are mad at me because you think I lied just to get back at you.
Did I get it right?
.
Read Minds: Be sensitive to what is not being said by the other person.
Pay attention to facial expressions, body language, what is happening, and what you know about the person already.
Show that you understand in words or by your actions.
Be open to correction.
Example: When you are asking a friend for a ride at the end of a long day and the person slumps down, say, You look really tired.
Let me look for someone else.
.
Understand: Look for how the other person feels, is thinking, or if he or she is making sense, given the persons history, state of mind or body, or current events (i.e.
the causes)even if you dont approve of the persons behavior, or if his or her belief is incorrect.
Say It makes sense that you .
.
.
because .
.
.
Example: If you sent a party invitation to the wrong address, say, I can see why you thought I might be excluding you on purpose.
.
Acknowledge the valid: Show that you see that the persons thoughts, feelings, or actions are valid, given current reality and facts.
Act as if the persons behavior is valid.
Example: If you are criticized for not taking out the garbage on your day, admit that it is your day and take it out.
If people present a problem, help them solve it (unless they just want to be heard).
If people are hungry, give them food.
Acknowledge the effort a person is making.
.
Show Equality: Be yourself!
Dont one-up or one-down the other person.
Treat the other as an equal, not as fragile or incompetent.
Example: Be willing to admit mistakes.
If someone introduces him- or herself by first name, introduce yourself by your first name.
Ask other people for their opinions.
Give up being defensive.
Be careful in giving advice or telling someone what to do if you are not asked or required to do so.
Even then, remember you could be wrong.
Note.
Adapted from Linehan, M. M. ( ).
Validation and psychotherapy.
In A. Bohart & L. Greenberg (Eds.
), Empathy reconsidered: New directions in psychotherapy (pp.
).
Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.
Copyright by the American Psychological Association.
Adapted by permission.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Identifying Validation For each A and B pair, check the more effective response.
A.
Think about your day when the other person is talking about his or her day.
B.
Throw yourself into listening about the other persons day.
A.
Remember that peoples thoughts, feelings, and behaviors dont always match.
Check the facts.
B.
Assume that you can tell exactly what people are feeling and thinking.
A.
If you are uncertain of peoples thoughts and feelings, ask them what they are thinking or feeling, or try to imagine yourself in their situation.
B.
Assume that if people want you to know what they are thinking or feeling, they will tell you.
A.
Evaluate other peoples behaviors and thoughts, and tell them that they are wrong or that they should be different when you feel sure you are right.
B.
If you do not agree with what another person is doing or thinking, try to understand how it could make sense if you understood the causes.
A.
Observe the small clues that indicate what is going on in social situations.
B.
Observe only what people say, and ignore nonverbal signals.
A.
Assume that if you tell a person his or her request of you makes sense, thats all you have to do to validate the person.
B.
When a person asks you for something, giving the person what has been asked for is validation.
A.
Jump to conclusions about what people mean.
B.
Realize that the same behavior can mean many things.
A.
Assume that other peoples reactions to you have nothing to do with yours to them.
B.
Treat each person with respect and as an equal.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Recovering from Invalidation Notice That Invalidation Can Be Helpful and Painful at the Same Time Remember: Invalidation Is Helpful When .
It corrects important mistakes (your facts are wrong).
.
It stimulates intellectual and personal growth by listening to other views.
.
Invalidation Is Painful When .
You are being ignored.
.
You are not being repeatedly misunderstood.
.
You are being misread.
.
You are being misinterpreted.
.
Important facts in your life are ignored or denied.
.
You are receiving unequal treatment.
.
You are being disbelieved when being truthful.
.
Your private experiences are trivialized or denied.
.
(continued on next page) Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (p. of ) Be Nondefensive and Check the Facts Check all the facts to see if your responses are valid or invalid.
Check them out with someone you can trust to validate the valid.
Acknowledge when your responses dont make sense and are not valid.
Work to change invalid thinking, comments, or actions.
(Also, stop blaming.
It rarely helps a situation.)
Drop judgmental self-statements.
(Practice opposite action.)
Remind yourself that all behavior is caused and that you are doing your best.
Be compassionate toward yourself.
Practice self-soothing.
Admit that it hurts to be invalidated by others, even if they are right.
Acknowledge when your reactions make sense and are valid in a situation.
Remember that being invalidated, even when your response is actually valid, is rarely a complete catastrophe.
Describe your experiences and actions in a supportive environment.
Grieve traumatic invalidation and the harm it created.
Practice radical acceptance of the invalidating person.
Validate Yourself Exactly the Way You Would Validate Someone Else Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Identifying Self-Validation For each A and B pair, check the more effective response when someone else invalidates you.
A.
Describe your own experience, point of view, emotion, or action in a matter of-fact way.
B.
Say, How stupid of me, or put yourself down for your response.
A.
Jump to anger and call yourself a wimp if you start feeling sad or alone.
B.
Accept that it hurts to be invalidated, and feel the pain.
A.
Blast the other person and argue your point of view, even if you might be wrong.
B.
When someone disagrees with what you think or do, be open to being wrong and being OK with that.
Check the facts.
A.
When you make a mistake, remind yourself that you are human, and humans make mistakes.
B.
Blame and punish yourself for being wrong; avoid people who know you were wrong.
A.
When you are checking the facts (if only in your mind), stand up for yourself if you are correct or if your response is reasonable.
B.
Assume that your experience of the facts is wrong.
Give up and give in.
Judge yourself and the person who invalidated you.
A.
See yourself as screwed up or damaged goods, and give in to shame and misery.
B.
Respond and talk to yourself with understanding and compassion.
Remind yourself that all responses are caused and make sense if you explore the reasons long enough.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Strategies for Increasing the Probability of Behaviors You Want Describe behaviors for yourself or others that you would like to start or increase: Reinforcer = A consequence that increases frequency of a behavior.
Positive reinforcement = positive consequences (i.e., reward).
Behavior is increased by consequences a person wants, likes, or will work to get.
Examples: Negative reinforcement = removal of negative events (i.e., relief).
Behavior is increased by consequences that stop or reduce something negative.
Examples: Shaping = Reinforcing small steps toward the behavior you want.
Reinforce small steps that lead toward the goal.
As new behavior stabilizes, require a little bit more before reinforcing.
Continue until you reach the goal behavior.
Examples of steps to a goal behavior: Timing counts.
Reinforce behavior immediately after it occurs.
When shaping new behavior, at first reinforce every instance of the behavior.
Once behavior is established, gradually start to reinforce only some of the time.
CAUTION: When you vary reinforcement, behavior becomes very hard to stop.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheet ) .p ; Strategies for Decreasing or Stopping Unwanted Behaviors Extinction = Stopping an ongoing reinforcement of behavior.
Extinction leads first to a burst of behavior, and then to a decrease in behavior.
Examples: Satiation = Providing relief or what is wanted before the behavior occurs.
Satiation reduces motivation for behavior and thus decreases its frequency.
Examples: Punishment = An aversive consequence that decreases a behavior.
Behavior is decreased by consequences the person dislikes or will work to avoid.
Examples: Behavior is decreased by consequences that stop or reduce something positive.
Examples: Behavior is decreased when something the person wants is withheld until harmful effects of problem behaviors are corrected and overcorrected.
Examples: Be sure that punishment is specific, is time-limited, and fits the crime.
Avoid a punitive tone; let the consequence do the work.
If a natural punishment occurs, dont undo it.
Dont add arbitrary punishment.
Be sure to reinforce alternative behavior to replace behavior you want stopped.
Extinction and punishment weaken or suppress behavior, but do not eliminate it.
Extinction and punishment do not teach new behavior.
To keep a behavior from resurfacing, reinforce an alternative behavior.
Punishment works only when the punisher is (or is likely to be) present.
Punishment leads to avoidance of the person punishing.
Note.
Adapted from Miller, A. L., Rathus, J. H., & Linehan, M. M. ( ).
Dialectical behavior therapy with suicidal adolescents.
New York: Guilford Press.
Copyright by The Guilford Press.
Adapted by permission.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout (Interpersonal Effectiveness Worksheets , ) .
pp ; Tips for Using Behavior Change StrategiesEffectively Summary so far: Goal Increase behavior Consequence (Reinforce) Add positive consequence Remove aversive consequence Weaken behavior (Extinguish) Remove reinforcer Provide relief before unwanted behavior Suppress behavior (Punish) Add aversive consequence Remove positive consequence Not all consequences are created equal.
One persons poison can be another persons passion.
Context counts.
A reinforcer in one situation can be punishment in another.
Quantity counts.
If a reinforcer is too little or too much, it will not work.
Natural consequences work best.
Let them do the work when possible.
Ask what consequence the person would work to get (reinforcer) or work to avoid (punisher).
Observe changes in behavior when a consequence is applied.
Behavior learned in one situation may not happen in another situation.
Interpersonal Effectiveness Handout a Identifying Effective Behavior Change Strategies For each A and B pair, check the more effective response.
A.
When you are trying to increase a behavior, it is most effective to wait for the full desired behavior before reinforcing, so the person does not think that halfway is good enough.
B.
When you are trying to increase a behavior, it is most effective to reinforce small improvement in the right direction, or else the person may not continue to improve.
A.
If a persons problem behaviors work to get things he or she wants, it is most effective to punish those behaviors to make them stop.
B.
If a persons problem behaviors work to get things he or she wants, it is most effective to stop reinforcing those behaviors and instead give rewards when the person uses more skillful strategies to get what he or she A.
The most effective punishment is intense anger and swift verbal criticism.
B.
The most effective punishment is to find one that fits the severity of the problem behavior.
A.
When you are punishing, figure that a nonspecific punishment will be a lot more effective, since it cant be avoided.
B.
Use a specific and time-limited negative consequence to decrease behavior.
A.
It is most effective to reinforce behavior immediately after it occurs.
B.
It is most effective to reward behavior after a delay so that the person does not expect that you will always provide a reward.
A.
If a persons mean behavior makes you feel hurt, it is most effective to punish the behavior by taking away gifts that you previously gave the person.
B.
If a persons mean behavior makes you feel hurt, it is most effective to punish the behavior by not doing favors for the person until his or her wants or needs.
behavior improves.
A.
It is common that people reward others problematic behaviors without even realizing it.
B.
People do not reward others problematic behaviors, because that would be stupid.
A.
After a punished behavior stops, it is most effective to reward an alternative behavior that you want.
B.
After a punished behavior stops, it is most effective to continue the punishment, so that you send a very clear message that the problematic behavior is unacceptable.
Emotion Regulation Handouts Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Goals of Emotion Regulation Understand and Name Your Own Emotions Identify (observe and describe) your emotions.
Know what emotions do for you.
Decrease the Frequency of Unwanted Emotions Stop unwanted emotions from starting in the first place.
Change unwanted emotions once they start.
Decrease Emotional Vulnerability Decrease vulnerability to emotion mind.
Increase resilience, your ability to cope with difficult things and positive emotions.
Decrease Emotional Suffering Reduce suffering when painful emotions overcome you.
Manage extreme emotions so that you dont make things worse.
Handouts for Understanding and Naming Emotions Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets a, ) , .
pp ; Overview: Understanding and Naming Emotions What Emotions Do for You There are reasons why we have emotions.
We need them!
Factors That Make Regulating Emotions Hard Lack of skills, reinforcing consequences, moodiness, rumination/ worrying, myths about emotions, and biology can interfere with changing emotions.
A Model for Describing Emotions Emotions are complex responses.
Changing any part of the system can change the entire response.
Ways to Describe Emotions Learning to observe, describe, and name your emotion can help you regulate your emotions.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets c ) .
pp ; What Emotions Do for You Emotions Motivate (and Organize) Us for Action Emotions motivate our behavior.
Emotions prepare us for action.
The action urge of specific emotions is often hard-wired in biology.
Emotions save time in getting us to act in important situations.
Emotions can be especially important when we dont have time to think things through.
Strong emotions help us overcome obstaclesin our minds and in the environment.
Emotions Communicate to (and Influence) Others Facial expressions are hard-wired aspects of emotions.
Facial expressions communicate faster than words.
Our body language and voice tone can also be hard-wired.
Like it or not, they also communicate our emotions to others.
When it is important to communicate to others, or send them a message, it can be very hard to change our emotions.
Whether we intend it or not, our communication of emotions influences others.
Emotions Communicate to Ourselves Emotional reactions can give us important information about a situation.
Emotions can be signals or alarms that something is happening.
Gut feelings can be like intuitiona response to something important about the situation.
This can be helpful if our emotions get us to check out the facts.
Caution: Sometimes we treat emotions as if they are facts about the world: The stronger the emotion, the stronger our belief that the emotion is based on fact.
(Examples: If I feel unsure, I am incompetent, If I get lonely when left alone, I shouldnt be left alone, If I feel confident about something, it is right, If Im afraid, there must be danger, I love him, so he must be OK.) If we assume that our emotions represent facts about the world, we may use them to justify our thoughts or our actions.
This can be trouble if our emotions get us to ignore the facts.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , ) , .
pp ; What Makes It Hard to Regulate Your Emotions Biology Biological factors can make emotion regulation harder.
Lack of Skill You dont know what to do to regulate your emotions.
Reinforcement of Emotional Behavior Your environment reinforces you when you are highly emotional.
Moodiness Your current mood controls what you do instead of your Wise Mind.
You dont really want to put in time and effort to regulate your emotions.
Emotional Overload High emotional arousal causes you to reach a skills breakdown point.
You cant follow skills instructions or figure out what to do.
Emotion Myths Myths (e.g., mistaken beliefs) about emotions get in the way of your ability to regulate emotions.
Myths that emotions are bad or weak lead to avoiding emotions.
Myths that extreme emotions are necessary or are part of who you are keep you from trying to regulate your emotions.
Emotion Regulation Handout a (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Myths about Emotions .
There is a right way to feel in every situation.
Challenge: .
Letting others know that I am feeling bad is a weakness.
Challenge: .
Negative feelings are bad and destructive.
Challenge: .
Being emotional means being out of control.
Challenge: .
Some emotions are stupid.
Challenge: .
All painful emotions are a result of a bad attitude.
Challenge: .
If others dont approve of my feelings, I obviously shouldnt feel the way I do.
Challenge: .
Other people are the best judges of how I am feeling.
Challenge: .
Painful emotions are not important and should be ignored.
Challenge: .
Extreme emotions get you a lot further than trying to regulate your emotions.
Challenge: .
Creativity requires intense, often out-of-control emotions.
Challenge: .
Drama is cool.
Challenge: .
It is inauthentic to try to change my emotions.
Challenge: .
Emotional truth is what counts, not factual truth.
Challenge: .
People should do whatever they feel like doing.
Challenge: .
Acting on your emotions is the mark of a truly free individual.
Challenge: .
My emotions are who I am.
Challenge: .
My emotions are why people love me.
Challenge: .
Emotions can just happen for no reason.
Challenge: .
Emotions should always be trusted.
Challenge: .
Other myth: Challenge: Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , a ) .
pp ; Model for Describing Emotions Preexisting Vulnerability Factors Interpretation (Thoughts/beliefs about prompting event) Biological Changes Attention/Awareness Prompting Event Attention/Awareness Brain changes (neural firing) Expressions Nervous system changes (internal body changes that affect muscles and autonomic system firingblood vessels, heart rate, temperature) Face and Body Language (facial expression, posture, gestures, skin color) Experiences Actions (your behavior) Prompting Event Body sensations (feelings) Secondary Emotions Words (what you say) Emotion Name Awareness Action urges Aftereffects From DBT Skills Training Handouts and Worksheets, Second Edition, by Marsha M. Linehan.
Copyright by Marsha M. Linehan.
Permission to photocopy this handout is granted to purchasers of DBT Skills Training Handouts and Worksheets, Second Edition, and DBT Skills Training Manual, Second Edition, for personal use and use with individual clients only.
(See page ii of this packet for details.).
Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , a ) .
pp ; Ways to Describe Emotions anger aggravation agitation annoyance bitterness exasperation ferocity frustration Anger Words fury grouchiness grumpiness hostility indignation irritation outrage rage vengefulness wrath Prompting Events for Feeling Anger Not having things turn out as expected.
Having an important goal blocked.
Physical or emotional pain.
You or someone you care about being attacked or threatened by others.
Losing power, status, or respect.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Anger Rigidly thinking, Im right.
Believing that you have been treated unfairly.
Judging that the situation is illegitimate or Blaming.
wrong.
Believing that important goals are being Ruminating about the event that set off the blocked or stopped.
anger in the first place.
Believing that things should be different than they are.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Anger Being unable to stop tears.
Muscles tightening.
Wanting to hit someone, bang the wall, throw Teeth clamping together.
something, blow up.
Hands clenching.
Wanting to hurt someone.
Feeling your face flush or get hot.
Feeling like you are going to explode.
Expressions and Actions of Anger Clenching your hands or fists.
Physically or verbally attacking.
Frowning, not smiling, mean expression.
Making aggressive or threatening gestures.
Brooding or withdrawing from others.
Pounding, throwing things, breaking things.
Crying.
Walking heavily, stomping, slamming doors.
Grinning.
Walking out.
Using a loud, quarrelsome, or sarcastic voice.
A red or flushed face.
Using obscenities or swearing.
Criticizing or complaining.
Aftereffects of Anger Imagining future situations that will make you Narrowing of attention.
angry.
Attending only to the situation thats making Depersonalization, dissociative experiences, you angry.
numbness.
Ruminating about the situation making you angry or about situations in the past.
(continued on next page) Note.
Adapted from Table in Shaver, P., Schwartz, J., Kirson, D., & OConnor, C. ( ).
Emotion knowledge: Further exploration of a prototype approach.
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, ( ), .
Copyright by the American Psychological Association.
Adapted by permission.
Emotion Regulation Handout disgust abhorrence antipathy aversion condescension contempt (p. of ) Disgust Words dislike distaste repugnance derision hate repelled disdain loathing repulsion resentment revolted scorn sickened spite vile Prompting Events for Feeling Disgust Seeing blood; getting blood drawn.
Seeing/smelling human or animal waste Observing or hearing about a person acting products.
with extreme hypocrisy/fawning.
Having a person or an animal that is dirty, Observing or hearing about betrayal, child slimy, or unclean come close to you.
abuse, racism, or other types of cruelty.
Tasting something or being forced to swallow Being forced to watch something that deeply something you really dont want.
violates your own Wise Mind values.
Seeing or being near a dead body.
Being confronted with someone who is Touching items worn or owned by a stranger, deeply violating your own Wise Mind values.
dead person, or disliked person.
Being forced to engage in or watch unwanted Observing or hearing about a person who sexual contact.
grovels or who strips another person of dignity.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Disgust another.
Believing that: Extreme disapproval of yourself or your own You are swallowing something toxic.
feelings, thoughts, or behaviors.
Your skin or your mind is being Judging that a person is deeply immoral or contaminated.
has sinned or violated the natural order of Your own body or body parts are ugly.
things.
Others are evil or the scum of the earth, Judging someones body as extremely ugly.
or that they disrespect authority or the group.
Disapproving of/feeling morally superior to Biological Changes and Experiences of Disgust Urge to take a shower.
Feelings of nausea; sick feeling.
Urge to run away or push away.
Urge to vomit, vomiting, gagging, choking.
Feeling contaminated, dirty, unclean.
Having a lump in your throat.
Feeling mentally polluted.
Aversion to drinking or eating.
Fainting.
Intense urge to destroy or get rid of something.
Expressions and Actions of Disgust Physically attacking causes of your disgust.
Vomiting, spitting out.
Using obscenities or cursing.
Closing your eyes, looking away.
Clenching your hands or fists.
Washing, scrubbing, taking a bath.
Frowning, or not smiling.
Changing your clothes; cleaning spaces.
Mean or unpleasant facial expression.
Avoiding eating or drinking.
Speaking with a sarcastic voice tone.
Pushing or kicking away; running away.
Nose and top lip tightened up; smirking.
Treating with disdain or disrespect.
Stepping over; crowding another person out.
Aftereffects of Disgust Becoming hypersensitive to dirt.
Narrowing of attention.
Ruminating about the situation thats making you feel disgusted.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout envy bitterness covetous craving discontented disgruntled Envy Words displeased dissatisfied down-hearted (p. of ) greed green-eyed longing pettiness resentment wishful Prompting Events for Feeling Envy Others get something you really want and Someone has something you really want or you dont get it.
need but dont or cant have.
Being around people who have more than You are not part of the in crowd.
you have.
Someone appears to have everything.
Someone you are competing with is more You are alone while others are having fun.
successful than you in an area important to Someone else gets credit for what youve you.
done.
Someone gets positive recognition for something and you dont.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Envy mediocre in comparison to others whom you Thinking you deserve what others have.
want to be like.
Thinking others have more than you.
Comparing yourself to others who have more Thinking about how unfair it is that you have than you.
such a bad lot in life compared to others.
Comparing yourself to people who have Thinking you have been treated unfairly by characteristics that you wish you had.
life.
Thinking you are unappreciated.
Thinking you are unlucky.
Thinking you are inferior, a failure, or Biological Changes and Experiences of Envy Wanting the person or people you envy to Muscles tightening.
lose what they have, to have bad luck, or to Teeth clamping together, mouth tightening.
be hurt.
Feeling your face flush or get hot.
Feeling pleasure when others experience Feeling rigidity in your body.
failure or lose what they have.
Pain in the pit of the stomach.
Feeling unhappy if another person Having an urge to get even.
experiences some good luck.
Hating the other person.
Feeling motivated to improve yourself.
Wanting to hurt the people you envy.
Expressions and Actions of Envy Doing something to make the other person Doing everything you can to get what the fail or lose what he or she has.
other person has.
Saying mean things about the other person Working a lot harder than you were to get or making the person look bad to others.
what you want.
Trying to show the other person up, to look Trying to improve yourself and your situation.
better than the other person.
Taking away or ruining what the other person Avoiding persons who have what you want.
has.
Attacking or criticizing the other person.
Doing something to get even.
Aftereffects of Envy appreciating things you have or things others Narrowing of attention.
do for you.
Attending only to what others have that you Ruminating about what you dont have.
dont.
Ruminating when others have had more than Making resolutions to change.
you.
Discounting what you do have; not (continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout fear anxiety apprehension dread edginess fright Fear Words horror nervousness hysteria overwhelmed jumpiness panic (p. of ) shock tenseness terror uneasiness worry Prompting Events for Feeling Fear Silence.
Having your life, your health, or your wellBeing in a new or unfamiliar situation.
being threatened.
Being alone (e.g., walking alone, being home Being in the same situation (or a similar one) alone, living alone).
where you have been threatened or gotten Being in the dark.
hurt in the past, or where painful things have Being in crowds.
happened.
Leaving your home.
Flashbacks.
Having to perform in front of others.
Being in situations where you have seen Pursuing your dreams.
others threatened or be hurt.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Fear Believing that: Believing that: You will not get help you want or need.
You might die, or you are going to die.
You might lose help you already have.
You might be hurt or harmed.
You might lose someone important.
You might lose something valuable.
You might lose something you want.
Someone might reject, criticize, or dislike You are helpless or are losing a sense of you.
control.
You will embarrass yourself.
You are incompetent or are losing mastery.
Failure is possible; expecting to fail.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Fear Feeling nauseated.
Breathlessness.
Getting cold; feeling clammy.
Fast heartbeat.
Feeling your hairs standing on end.
Choking sensation, lump in throat.
Feeling of butterflies in stomach.
Muscles tensing, cramping.
Wanting to run away or avoid things.
Clenching teeth.
Urge to scream or call out.
Expressions and Actions of Fear Talking yourself out of doing what you fear.
Fleeing, running away.
Freezing, or trying not to move.
Running or walking hurriedly.
Crying or whimpering.
Hiding from or avoiding what you fear.
Shaking, quivering, or trembling.
Engaging in nervous, fearful talk.
A shaky or trembling voice.
Pleading or crying for help.
Sweating or perspiring.
Talking less or becoming speechless.
Diarrhea, vomiting.
Screaming or yelling.
Hair erect.
Darting eyes or quickly looking around.
Frozen stare.
Aftereffects of Fear Imagining the possibility of more loss or Narrowing of attention.
failure.
Being hypervigilant to threat.
Isolating yourself.
Losing your ability to focus or becoming Ruminating about other threatening times.
disoriented or dazed.
Losing control.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Happiness Words happiness joy enjoyment relief amusement enthrallment hope satisfaction bliss enthusiasm jolliness thrill cheerfulness euphoria joviality triumph contentment excitement jubilation zaniness delight exhilaration optimism zest eagerness gaiety pleasure zeal ecstasy gladness pride elation glee rapture Prompting Events for Feeling Happiness Receiving a wonderful surprise.
Reality exceeding your expectations.
Getting what you want.
Getting something you have worked hard for or worried about.
Things turning out better than you thought they would.
Being successful at a task.
Achieving a desirable outcome.
Receiving esteem, respect, or praise.
Receiving love, liking, or affection.
Being accepted by others.
Belonging somewhere or with someone or a group.
Being with or in contact with people who love or like you.
Having very pleasurable sensations.
Doing things that create or bring to mind pleasurable sensations.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Happiness Interpreting joyful events just as they are, without adding or subtracting.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Happiness Feeling excited.
Feeling physically energetic, active.
Feeling like giggling or laughing.
Feeling your face flush.
Feeling calm all the way through.
Urge to keep doing what is associated with happiness.
Feeling at peace.
Feeling open or expansive.
Expressions and Actions of Happiness Smiling.
Having a bright, glowing face.
Being bouncy or bubbly.
Communicating your good feelings.
Sharing the feeling.
Silliness.
Hugging people.
Jumping up and down.
Saying positive things.
Using an enthusiastic or excited voice.
Being talkative or talking a lot.
Aftereffects of Happiness Being courteous or friendly to others.
Doing nice things for other people.
Having a positive outlook; seeing the bright side.
Having a high threshold for worry or annoyance.
Remembering and imagining other times you have felt joyful.
Expecting to feel joyful in the future.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout jealous cautious clinging clutching defensive mistrustful Jealousy Words fear of losing someone/ something possessive (p. of ) rivalrous suspicious self-protective wary watchful Prompting Events for Feeling Jealous You are treated as unimportant by a person An important relationship is threatened or in you want to be close to.
danger of being lost.
Your partner tells you that he or she desires A potential competitor pays attention to more time alone.
someone you love.
Your partner appears to flirt with someone Someone: else.
Is threatening to take away important things A person you are romantically involved with in your life.
looks at someone else.
Goes out with the person you like.
You find the person you love is having an Ignores you while talking to a friend of affair with someone else.
yours.
Is more attractive, outgoing, or self- confident than you.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Jealousy Believing that: Believing that: You were cheated.
Your partner does not care for you any No one cares about you.
more.
Your rival is possessive and competitive.
You are nothing to your partner.
Your rival is insecure.
Your partner is going to leave you.
Your rival is envious.
Your partner is behaving inappropriately.
You dont measure up to your peers.
I deserve more than what you are receiving.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Jealousy Breathlessness.
Feelings of rejection.
Fast heartbeat.
Needing to be in control.
Choking sensation, lump in throat.
Feeling helpless.
Muscles tensing.
Wanting to grasp or keep hold of what you Teeth clenching.
have.
Becoming suspicious of others.
Wanting to push away or eliminate your rival.
Having injured pride.
Expressions and Actions of Jealousy Violent behavior or threats of violence toward Interrogating the person; demanding accounting of time or activities.
the person threatening to take something Collecting evidence of wrongdoings.
away.
Clinging; enhanced dependency.
Attempting to control the freedom of the Increased or excessive demonstrations of person you are afraid of losing.
love.
Verbal accusations of disloyalty or unfaithfulness.
Spying on the person.
Aftereffects of Jealousy Being hypervigilant to threats to your Narrowing of attention.
relationships.
Seeing the worst in others.
Becoming isolated or withdrawn.
Being mistrustful across the board.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Love Words love adoration affection arousal attraction caring charmed compassion desire enchantment fondness infatuation kindness liking limerence longing lust passion sentimentality sympathy tenderness warmth Prompting Events for Feeling Love A person: Offers or gives you something you want, need, or desire.
Does things you want or need.
Does things you particularly value or admire.
Feeling physically attracted to someone.
Being with someone you have fun with.
You spend a lot of time with a person.
You share a special experience with a person.
You have exceptionally good communication with a person.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Love Believing that a person loves, needs, or appreciates you.
Thinking that a person is physically attractive.
Judging a persons personality as wonderful, pleasing, or attractive.
Believing that a person can be counted on, or will always be there for you.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Love When you are with or thinking about someone: Feeling excited and full of energy.
Fast heartbeat.
Feeling self-confident.
Feeling invulnerable.
Feeling happy, joyful, or exuberant.
Feeling warm, trusting, and secure.
Feeling relaxed and calm.
Wanting the best for a person.
Wanting to give things to a person.
Wanting to see and spend time with a person.
Wanting to spend your life with a person.
Wanting physical closeness or sex.
Wanting emotional closeness.
Expressions and Actions of Love Saying I love you.
Expressing positive feelings to a person.
Eye contact, mutual gaze.
Touching, petting, hugging, holding, cuddling.
Sexual activity.
Smiling.
Sharing time and experiences with someone.
Doing things that the other person wants or needs.
Aftereffects of Love Remembering other people who have loved Only seeing a persons positive side.
you.
Feeling forgetful or distracted; daydreaming.
Remembering other positive events.
Feeling openness and trust.
Believing in yourself; believing you are Feeling alive, capable.
wonderful, capable, competent.
Remembering other people you have loved.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout sadness despair grief misery agony disappointment homesickness neglect alienation discontentment Sadness Words pity crushed anguish displeasure dismay insecurity hurt sorrow rejection defeat distraught (p. of ) disconnected suffering dejection gloom loneliness unhappiness depression glumness melancholy alone woe Prompting Events for Feeling Sadness Losing something or someone irretrievably.
The death of someone you love.
Things not being what you expected or wanted.
Things being worse than you expected.
Being separated from someone you care for.
Getting what you dont want.
Not getting what you have worked for.
Not getting what you believe you need in life.
Being rejected, disapproved of, or excluded.
Discovering that you are powerless or helpless.
Being with someone else who is sad or in pain.
Reading or hearing about other peoples problems or troubles in the world.
Being alone, or feeling isolated or like an outsider.
Thinking about everything you have not gotten.
Thinking about your losses.
Thinking about missing someone.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Sadness Believing that a separation from someone will last for a long time or will never end.
Believing that you will not get what you want or need in your life.
Seeing things or your life as hopeless.
Believing that you are worthless or not valuable.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Sadness Feeling tired, run down, or low in energy.
Feeling lethargic, listless; wanting to stay in bed all day.
Feeling as if nothing is pleasurable any more.
Pain or hollowness in your chest or gut.
Feeling empty.
Feeling as if you cant stop crying, or if you ever start crying you will never be able to stop.
Difficulty swallowing.
Breathlessness.
Dizziness.
Expressions and Actions of Sadness Avoiding things.
Acting helpless; staying in bed; being inactive.
Moping, brooding, or acting moody.
Making slow, shuffling movements.
Withdrawing from social contact.
Avoiding activities that used to bring pleasure.
Giving up and no longer trying to improve.
Saying sad things.
Talking little or not at all.
Using a quiet, slow, or monotonous voice.
Eyes drooping.
Frowning, not smiling.
Posture slumping.
Sobbing, crying, whimpering.
Aftereffects of Sadness Ruminating about sad events in the past.
Not being able to remember happy things.
Insomnia.
Feeling irritable, touchy, or grouchy.
Appetite disturbance, indigestion.
Yearning and searching for the thing lost.
Having a negative outlook.
Blaming or criticizing yourself.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout shame contrition culpability discomposure Shame Words embarrassment humiliation (p. of ) mortification self-conscious shyness Prompting Events for Feeling Shame Being reminded of something wrong, Being rejected by people you care about.
immoral, or shameful you did in the past.
Having others find out that you have done Being rejected or criticized for something you something wrong.
expected praise for.
Doing (or feeling or thinking) something Having emotions/experiences that have been that people you admire believe is wrong or invalidated.
immoral.
Exposure of a very private aspect of yourself Comparing some aspect of yourself or your or your life.
behavior to a standard and feeling as if you Exposure of a physical characteristic you do not live up to that standard.
dislike.
Being betrayed by a person you love.
Failing at something you feel you are (or Being laughed at/made fun of.
should be) competent to do.
Being criticized in public/in front of someone else; remembering public criticism.
Others attacking your integrity.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Shame Thinking that you are a bad person or a Believing that others will reject you (or have failure.
rejected you).
Believing your body (or a body part) is too Judging yourself to be inferior, not good big, too small, or ugly.
enough, not as good as others; self- Thinking that you have not lived up to others invalidation.
expectations of you.
Comparing yourself to others and thinking Thinking that your behavior, thoughts, or that you are a loser.
feelings are silly or stupid.
Believing yourself unlovable.
Thinking that you are bad, immoral, or wrong.
Thinking that you are defective.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Shame Wanting to hide or cover your face and body.
Pain in the pit of the stomach.
Sense of dread.
Wanting to shrink down and/or disappear.
Expressions and Actions of Shame Hiding behavior or a characteristic from other Appeasing; saying you are sorry over and over and over.
people.
Looking down and away from others.
Avoiding the person you have harmed.
Sinking back; slumped and rigid posture.
Avoiding persons who have criticized you.
Halting speech; lowered volume while talking.
Avoiding yourselfdistracting, ignoring.
Withdrawing; covering the face.
Bowing your head, groveling.
Aftereffects of Shame numbness, or shock.
Avoiding thinking about your transgression; Attacking or blaming others.
shutting down; blocking all emotions.
Conflicts with other people.
Engaging in distracting, impulsive behaviors Isolation, feeling alienated.
to divert your mind or attention.
Impairment in problem-solving ability.
High amount of self-focus; preoccupation with yourself.
(continued on next page) Depersonalization, dissociative experiences, Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Guilt Words guilt culpability remorse apologetic regret sorry Prompting Events for Feeling Guilt Doing or thinking something you believe is wrong.
Doing or thinking something that violates your personal values.
Not doing something you said that you would do.
Committing a transgression against another person or something you value.
Causing harm/damage to another person or object.
Causing harm/damage to yourself.
Being reminded of something wrong you did in the past.
Interpretations of Events That Prompt Feelings of Guilt Thinking that your actions are to blame for something.
Thinking that you behaved badly.
Thinking, If only I had done something differently .
.
.
Biological Changes and Experiences of Guilt Hot, red face.
Jitteriness, nervousness.
Suffocating.
Expressions and Actions of Guilt Trying to repair the harm, make amends for the wrongdoing, fix the damage, change the outcome.
Asking for forgiveness, apologizing, confessing.
Giving gifts/making sacrifices to try to make up for the transgression.
Bowing your head; kneeling before the person.
Aftereffects of Guilt Making resolutions to change.
Making changes in behavior.
Joining self-help programs.
Other Important Emotion Words Weariness, dissatisfaction, disinclination.
Distress.
Shyness, fragility, reserve, bashfulness, coyness, reticence.
Cautiousness, reluctance, suspiciousness, caginess, wariness.
Surprise, amazement, astonishment, awe, startle, wonder.
Boldness, bravery, courage, determination.
Powerfulness, a sense of competence, capability, mastery.
Dubiousness, skepticism, doubtfulness.
Apathy, boredom, dullness, ennui, fidgetiness, impatience, indifference, listlessness.
Handouts for Changing Emotional Responses Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets ) .
pp ; Overview: Changing Emotional Responses Check the Facts Check out whether your emotional reactions fit the facts of the situation.
Changing your beliefs and assumptions to fit the facts can help you change your emotional reactions to situations.
Opposite Action When your emotions do not fit the facts, or when acting on your emotions is not effective, acting opposite (all the way) will change your emotional reactions.
Problem Solving When the facts themselves are the problem, solving the problem will reduce the frequency of negative emotions.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Check the Facts Facts Many emotions and actions are set off by our thoughts and interpretations of events, not by the events themselves.
Event Thoughts Emotions Our emotions can also have a big effect on our thoughts about events.
Event Emotion Thoughts Examining our thoughts and checking the facts can help us change our emotions.
How to Check the Facts .
Ask: What is the emotion I want to change?
(See Emotion Regulation Handout : Ways of Describing Emotions.)
.
Ask: What is the event prompting my emotion?
Describe the facts that you observed through your senses.
Challenge judgments, absolutes, and black-and-white descriptions.
(See Mindfulness Handout : Taking Hold of Your Mind: What Skills.)
.
Ask: What are my interpretations, thoughts, and assumptions about the event?
Think of other possible interpretations.
Practice looking at all sides of a situation and all points of view.
Test your interpretations and assumptions to see if they fit the facts.
.
Ask: Am I assuming a threat?
Label the threat.
Assess the probability that the threatening event will really occur.
Think of as many other possible outcomes as you can.
.
Ask: Whats the catastrophe?
Imagine the catastrophe really occurring.
Imagine coping well with a catastrophe (through problem solving, coping ahead, or radical acceptance).
.
Ask: Does my emotion and/or its intensity fit the actual facts?
Check out facts that fit each emotion.
Ask Wise Mind.
(See Emotion Regulation Handout : Figuring Out Opposite Actions, and Emotion Regulation Handout : Reviewing Problem Solving and Opposite Action.)
Emotion Regulation Handout a (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Examples of Emotions That Fit the Facts Fear .
.
.
.
There is a threat to your life or that of someone you care about.
There is a threat to your health or that of someone you care about.
There is a threat to your well-being or that of someone you care about.
Anger .
.
.
.
.
An important goal is blocked or a desired activity is interrupted or prevented.
You or someone you care about is attacked or hurt by others.
You or someone you care about is insulted or threatened by others.
The integrity or status of your social group is offended or threatened.
Disgust .
Something you are in contact with could poison or contaminate you.
.
Somebody whom you deeply dislike is touching you or someone you care about.
.
You are around a person or group whose behavior or thinking could seriously damage or harmfully influence you or the group you are part of.
.
Envy .
Another person or group gets or has things you dont have that you want or need.
.
Jealousy .
A very important and desired relationship or object in your life is in danger of being damaged or lost.
.
Someone is threatening to take a valued relationship or object away from you.
.
Love .
Loving a person, animal, or object enhances quality of life for you or for those you care about.
.
Loving a person, animal, or object increases your chances of attaining your own personal goals.
.
Sadness .
You have lost something or someone permanently.
.
Things are not the way you wanted or expected and hoped them to be.
.
Shame .
You will be rejected by a person or group you care about if characteristics of yourself or of your behavior are made public.
.
Guilt .
Your own behavior violates your own values or moral code.
.
Intensity and duration of an emotion are justified by: .
How likely it is that the expected outcomes will occur.
.
How great and/or important the outcomes are.
.
How effective the emotion is in your life now.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Opposite Action and Problem Solving: Deciding Which to Use Opposite action = Acting opposite to an emotions action urge Problem solving = Avoiding or changing (solving) a problem event Ask: Does this emotion fit the facts?
Check the facts Yes No Ask: Is acting on this emotion effective?
Ask: Is acting on this emotion effective?
Check Wise Mind Check Wise Mind Yes Be mindful of current emotions (Emotion Regulation Handout ) Act on emotion/ action urge Problem-solve unwanted emotions (Emotion Regulation Handout ) No No Yes Do not act on emotion/ action urge Do not act on emotion/ action urge Consider opposite action (Emotion Regulation Handouts ) Change thoughts to fit the facts (Emotion Regulation Handout ) Be mindful of current emotions (Emotion Regulation Handout ) Do opposite action (Emotion Regulation Handouts ) Act, but accept the consequences gracefully Reconsider opposite action Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Opposite Action Use opposite action when your emotions do not fit the facts or when acting on your emotions is not effective.
Every emotion has an action urge.
Change the emotion by acting opposite to its action urge.
Consider these examples: Emotion Action urge Opposite action Fear Run away/avoid Approach/dont avoid Anger Attack Gently avoid/be a little nice Sadness Withdraw/isolate Get active Shame Hide/avoid Tell the secret to people who will accept it How to Do Opposite Action, Step by Step Step .
Identify and name the emotion you want to change.
Step .
Check the facts to see if your emotion is justified by the facts.
Check also whether the intensity and duration of the emotion fit the facts.
(Example: Irritation fits the facts when your car is cut in front of; road rage does not.)
An emotion is justified when your emotion fits the facts.
Step .
Identify and describe your action urges.
Step .
Ask Wise Mind: Is expression or acting on this emotion effective in this situation?
If your emotion does not fit the facts or if acting on your emotion is not effective: Step .
Identify opposite actions to your action urges.
Step .
Act opposite all the way to your action urges.
Step .
Repeat acting opposite to your action urges until your emotion changes.
Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Figuring Out Opposite Actions Fear Fear fits the facts of a situation whenever there is a threat to: A.
Your life or that of someone you care about.
B.
Your health or that of someone you care about.
C. Your well-being or that of someone you care about.
D. Other example: Follow these suggestions when your fear is not justified by the facts or not effective: Opposite Actions for Fear Do the opposite of your fearful action urges.
For example: .
Do what you are afraid of doing .
.
.
over and over.
.
Approach events, places, tasks, activities, and people you are afraid of.
.
Do things to give yourself a sense of control and mastery over your fears.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Fear .
Keep your eyes and ears open and focused on the feared event.
Look around slowly; explore.
.
Take in the information from the situation (i.e., notice that you are safe).
.
Change posture and keep a confident voice tone.
Keep your head and eyes up, and your shoulders back but relaxed.
Adopt an assertive body posture (e.g., knees apart, hands on hips, heels a bit out).
.
Change your body chemistry.
For example, do paced breathing by breathing in deeply and breathing out slowly.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Anger Anger fits the facts of a situation whenever: A.
An important goal is blocked or a desired activity is interrupted or prevented.
B.
You or someone you care about is attacked or hurt by others.
C. You or someone you care about is insulted or threatened by others.
D. The integrity or status of your social group is offended or threatened.
E. Other example: Follow these suggestions when your anger is not justified by the facts or is not effective: Opposite Actions for Anger Do the opposite of your angry action urges.
For example: .
Gently avoid the person you are angry with (rather than attacking).
.
Take a time out, and breathe in and out deeply and slowly.
.
Be kind (rather than mean or insulting).
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Anger .
Imagine understanding and empathy for the other person.
Step into the other persons shoes.
Try to see the situation from the other persons point of view.
Imagine really good reasons for what has happened.
.
Change your posture.
Unclench hands, with palms up and fingers relaxed (willing hands).
Relax chest and stomach muscles.
Unclench teeth.
Relax facial muscles.
Half-smile.
.
Change your body chemistry.
For example, do paced breathing by breathing in deeply and breathing out slowly.
Or, run or engage in another physically energetic, nonviolent activity.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Disgust Disgust fits the facts of a situation whenever: A.
Something you are in contact with could poison or contaminate you.
B.
Somebody whom you deeply dislike is touching you or someone you care about.
C. You are around a person or group whose behavior or thinking could seriously damage or harmfully influence you or the group you are part of.
D. Other example: Follow these suggestions when your disgust is not justified by the facts or is not effective: Opposite Actions for Disgust Do the opposite of your disgusted action urges.
For example: .
Move close.
Eat, drink, stand near, or embrace what you found disgusting.
.
Be kind to those you feel contempt for; step into the other persons shoes.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Disgust .
Imagine understanding and empathy for the person you feel disgust or contempt for.
Try to see the situation from the other persons point of view.
Imagine really good reasons for how the other person is behaving or looking.
.
Take in what feels repulsive.
Be sensual (inhaling, looking at, touching, listening, tasting).
.
Change your posture.
Unclench hands with palms up and fingers relaxed (willing hands).
Relax chest and stomach muscles.
Unclench teeth.
Relax facial muscles.
Half-smile.
.
Change your body chemistry.
For example, do paced breathing by breathing in deeply and breathing out slowly.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Envy Envy fits the facts of a situation whenever: A.
Another person or group has what you want or need but dont have.
B.
Other example: Follow these suggestions when your envy is not justified by the facts or is not effective: Opposite Actions for Envy Do the opposite of your envious action urges.
For example: .
Inhibit destroying what the other person has.
.
Count your blessings.
Make a list of the things you are thankful for.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Envy .
Count all your blessings.
Avoid discounting some blessings.
Avoid exaggerating your deprivations.
.
Stop exaggerating others net worth or value; check the facts.
.
Change your posture.
Unclench hands with palms up and fingers relaxed (willing hands).
Relax chest and stomach muscles.
Unclench teeth.
Relax facial muscles.
Half-smile.
.
Change your body chemistry.
For example, do paced breathing by breathing in deeply and breathing out slowly.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Jealousy Jealousy fits the facts of a situation whenever: A.
Someone is threatening to take a very important and desired relationship or object away from you.
B.
An important and desired relationship is in danger of being damaged or lost.
C. Other example: Follow these suggestions when your jealousy is not justified by the facts or is not effective: Opposite Actions for Jealousy Do the opposite of your jealous action urges.
For example: .
Let go of controlling others actions.
.
Share the things and people you have in your life.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Jealousy .
Stop spying or snooping.
Suppress probing questions (Where were you?
Who were you with?).
Fire your private detective.
.
No avoiding.
Listen to all the details.
Focus on sensations.
Keep your eyes open; look around.
Take in all the information about the situation.
.
Change your posture.
Unclench hands with palms up and fingers relaxed (willing hands).
Relax chest and stomach muscles.
Unclench teeth.
Relax facial muscles.
Half-smile.
.
Change your body chemistry.
For example, do paced breathing by breathing in deeply and breathing out slowly.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Love Love (other than universal love for all) fits the facts of a situation whenever: A. Loving a person, animal, or object enhances quality of life for you or for those you care about.
B. Loving a person, animal, or object increases your chances of attaining your own personal goals.
C. Other example: Follow these suggestions when your love is not justified by the facts or is not effective: Opposite Actions for Love Do the opposite of your loving action urges.
For example: .
Avoid the person, animal, or object you love.
.
Distract yourself from thoughts of the person, animal, or object.
.
Remind yourself of why love is not justified (rehearse the cons of loving) when loving thoughts do arise.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Love .
Avoid contact with everything that reminds you of a person you love: pictures, letters/ messages/e-mails, belongings, mementos, places you were together, places you planned to or wanted to go together, places where you know the person has been or will be.
No following, waiting for, or looking for the person.
.
Stop expressing love for the person, even to friends.
Be unfriendly toward the person (e.g., unfriend the person on Facebook, Twitter, etc.).
.
Adjust your posture and expressions if you are around the person you love.
No leaning toward him or her.
No getting close enough to touch.
No sighing/gazing at the person.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Sadness Sadness fits the facts of a situation whenever: A.
You have lost something or someone permanently.
B.
Things are not the way you want or expected and hoped them to be.
C. Other example: Follow these suggestions when sadness is not justified by the facts or is not effective: Opposite Actions for Sadness Do the opposite of your sad action (or inaction) urges.
For example: .
Get active; approach.
.
Avoid avoiding.
.
Build mastery: Do things that make you feel competent and self-confident.
(See Emotion Regulation Handout : Build Mastery and Cope Ahead.)
.
Increase pleasant events.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Sadness .
Pay attention to the present moment!
Be mindful of your environmenteach detail as it unfolds.
Experience new or positive activities you are engaging in.
.
Change your posture (adopt a bright body posture, with head up, eyes open, and shoulders back).
Keep an upbeat voice tone.
.
Change your body chemistry.
For example, increase physical movement (run, jog, walk, or do other active exercise).
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Shame Shame fits the facts of a situation whenever: A.
You will be rejected by a person or group you care about if your personal characteristics or behavior are made public.
B.
Other example: Follow these suggestions when both shame and guilt are not justified by the facts or are not effective: Opposite Actions for Shame Do the opposite of your action urges.
For example: .
Make public your personal characteristics or your behavior (with people who wont reject you).
.
Repeat the behavior that sets off shame over and over (without hiding the behavior from those who wont reject you).
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Shame .
No apologizing or trying to make up for a perceived transgression.
.
Take in all the information from the situation.
.
Change your body posture.
Look innocent and proud.
Lift your head; puff up your chest; maintain eye contact.
Keep your voice tone steady and clear.
Follow these suggestions when shame is not justified by the facts or is not effective, but guilt is justified (your behavior does violate your own moral values): Opposite Actions for Shame Do the opposite of your action urges.
For example: .
Make public your behavior (with people who wont reject you).
.
Apologize for your behavior.
.
Repair the transgressions, or work to prevent or repair similar harm for others.
.
Commit to avoiding that mistake in the future.
.
Accept the consequences gracefully.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Shame .
Forgive yourself.
Acknowledge the causes of your behavior.
.
Let it go.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Guilt Guilt fits the facts of a situation whenever: A.
Your behavior violates your own values or moral code.
B.
Other example: Follow these suggestions when both guilt and shame are not justified by the facts or are not effective: Opposite Actions for Guilt Do the opposite of your action urges.
For example: .
Make public your personal characteristics or your behavior (with people who wont reject you).
.
Repeat the behavior that sets off guilt over and over (without hiding the behavior from those who wont reject you).
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Guilt .
No apologizing or trying to make up for a perceived transgression.
.
Take in all the information from the situation.
.
Change your body posture.
Look innocent and proud.
Lift your head; puff up your chest; maintain eye contact.
Keep your voice tone steady and clear.
Follow these suggestions when guilt is not justified by the facts or is not effective but shame is justified (you will be rejected by people you care about if found out): Opposite Actions for Guilt .
Hide your behavior (if you want to stay in the group).
.
Use interpersonal skills (if you want to stay in the group).
.
Work to change the persons or groups values.
.
Join a new group that fits your values (and will not reject you).
.
Repeat the behavior that sets off guilt over and over with your new group.
All-the-Way Opposite Actions for Guilt .
Validate yourself.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .
pp ; Problem Solving Step .
Figure out and describe the problem situation.
Step .
Check the facts (all the facts) to be sure you have the right problem situation!
If your facts are correct and the situation is the problem, continue with Step .
If your facts are not correct, go back and repeat Step .
Step .
Identify your goal in solving the problem.
Identify what needs to happen or change for you to feel OK. Keep it simple, and choose something that can actually happen.
Step .
Brainstorm lots of solutions.
Think of as many solutions as you can.
Ask for suggestions from people you trust.
Do not be critical of any ideas at first.
(Wait for Step to evaluate ideas.)
Step .
Choose a solution that fits the goal and is likely to work.
If you are unsure, choose two solutions that look good.
Do pros and cons to compare the solutions.
Choose the best to try first.
Step .
Put the solution into action.
Act!
Try out the solution.
Take the first step, and then the second .
.
.
Step .
Evaluate the results of using the solution.
It worked?
Yea!!!
It didnt work?
Go back to Step and choose a new solution to try.
Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , , ) .
pp ; Reviewing Opposite Action and Problem Solving Justifying Events A.
Your life is in danger.
Fear B.
Your health is in danger.
C. Your well-being is in danger.
Act Opposite to Emotion Urge (forUnjustified Emotion) .
Do what you are afraid of doing .
.
.
over and over.
.
Approach what you are afraid of.
.
Do what gives you a sense of control and mastery.
Anger A.
An important goal is .
Gently avoid.
blocked or a desired .
Take a time out.
activity is interrupted or prevented.
.
Do something kind.
B.
You or someone you care about is attacked or hurt (physically or emotionally) by others.
C. You or someone you care about is insulted, offended, or threatened by others.
Disgust A.
Something you are in contact with could poison or contaminate you.
Act on Emotion Urge, Problem-Solve, or Avoid (forJustified Emotion) .
Freeze/run if danger is near.
.
Remove the threatening event.
.
Do what gives you a sense of control and mastery of the fearful event.
.
Avoid the threatening event.
.
Fight back when being attacked, if you have nothing to lose by fighting.
.
Overcome obstacles to goals.
.
Imagine understanding: .
Work to stop further attacks, Step into the other insults, and threats.
persons shoes.
.
Avoid or walk out on people .
Imagine really good who are threatening.
reasons for what happened.
.
Move close.
Embrace.
.
Be kind; step into the other persons shoes.
.
Take in what feels B.
You are close to a repulsive.
person or group whose actions or thinking .
See the situation from could seriously the other persons point damage or harm you of view.
or the group you are part of.
.
Remove/clean up revolting things.
.
Influence others to stop harmful actions/stop things that contaminate your community.
.
Avoid or push away harmful people or things.
.
Imagine understanding a person who has done disgusting things.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout .
Inhibit destroying other peoples things.
.
Count your blessings.
.
Imagine how it all makes sense.
.
Stop exaggerating others worth or value.
.
Improve yourself and your life.
.
Get others to be fair.
.
Devalue what others have that you dont have.
.
Put on rose-colored glasses.
.
Avoid people who have more than you.
A.
An important and desired relationship or object is in danger of being damaged or lost.
B.
Someone is threatening to take away an important and desired relationship or object.
.
Let go of trying to control others.
.
Share what you have with others.
.
Stop spying and snooping.
.
No avoiding; take in all the information.
.
Protect what you have.
.
Work at being more desirable to the person(s) you want to be in a relationship with (i.e., fight for relationships).
.
Leave the relationship.
A. Loving a valued/ admired person, animal, or object enhances the quality of life for you or those you care about.
B. Loving the person, animal, or object increases your chances of attaining your own personal goals.
Sadness Envy A.
Another person or group gets or has things you dont have that you want or need.
Jealousy Act on Emotion Urge, Problem-Solve, or Avoid (forJustified Emotion) Love Justifying Events Act Opposite to Emotion Urge (forUnjustified Emotion) (p. of ) .
Avoid the person, animal, or object you love altogether.
.
Distract yourself from thoughts of the beloved.
.
Avoid contact with all reminders of the beloved.
.
Remind yourself of why love is not justified.
A.
You have lost .
Activate your behavior.
something or someone .
Avoid avoiding.
permanently.
.
Build mastery: Do B.
Things are not the things that make you way you expected or feel competent and self- wanted or hoped for.
confident.
.
Increase pleasant events.
.
Pay attention to pleasant events.
.
Be with the person, animal, or thing that you love.
.
Touch, hold, etc., the beloved.
.
Avoid separations when possible.
.
If the beloved is lost, fight to find or get the beloved back (if it may be possible).
.
Grieve; have a memorial service; visit the cemetery (but dont build a house at the cemetery).
.
Retrieve/replace what is lost.
.
Plan how to rebuild a life worth living without the beloved or expected outcomes in your life.
.
Accumulate positives.
.
Build mastery: Do things that make you feel competent and self-confident.
.
Communicate need for help.
.
Accept help offered.
.
Put on rose-colored glasses.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout Act Opposite to Emotion Urge (forUnjustified Emotion) Act on Emotion Urge, Problem-Solve, or Avoid (forJustified Emotion) A.
You will be rejected by a very important person or group if characteristics of yourself or of your behavior are made public.
.
Make public your personal characteristics or behavior (with people who wont reject you).
.
Repeat the behavior without hiding from people who wont reject you.
.
Or, if your moral code is violated, apologize and repair; forgive yourself; and let it go.
.
Hide what will get you rejected.
.
Appease those offended.
.
Change your behavior or personal characteristics to fit in.
.
Avoid groups who disapprove of you.
.
Find a new group that fits your values or that likes your personal characteristics.
.
Work to change societys or a person's values.
A.
Your own behavior violates your own values or moral code.
.
Do what makes you feel .
Seek forgiveness.
guilty over and over and .
Repair the harm; make things over.
better (or, if not possible, work .
Make public your to prevent or repair similar harm behavior (with people for others).
who wont reject you).
.
Accept the consequences gracefully.
Or, if you will be rejected by others: .
Commit to avoiding behaviors that violate your moral values in .
Hide your behavior.
the future.
.
Use interpersonal skills.
.
Work to change your groups values or join a new group.
Shame Justifying Events Guilt (p. of ) Handouts for Reducing Vulnerability to Emotion Mind Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets b ) .
pp ; Overview: Reducing Vulnerability toEmotionMind Building a Life Worth Living A way to remember these skills is to remember the term ABC PLEASE.
Accumulate Positive Emotions A B C PLEASE Short Term: Do pleasant things that are possible now.
Long Term: Make changes in your life so that positive events will happen more often in the future.
Build a life worth living.
Build Mastery Do things that make you feel competent and effective to combat helplessness and hopelessness.
Cope Ahead of Time withEmotional Situations Rehearse a plan ahead of time so that you are prepared to cope skillfully with emotional situations.
Take Care of Your Mind by Taking Care of Your Body Treat PhysicaL illness, balance Eating, avoid mood-Altering substances, balance Sleep, and get Exercise.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , , ) , .
pp ; Accumulating Positive Emotions: Short Term Accumulate positive emotions in the short term by doing these things.
Build Positive Experiences Now Increase pleasant events that lead to positive emotions.
Do one thing each day from the Pleasant Events List.
(See Emotion Regulation Handout .)
Practice opposite action; avoid avoiding.
Be mindful of pleasant events (no multitasking).
Be Mindful of Positive Experiences Focus your attention on positive moments when they are happening.
No multitasking.
Refocus your attention when your mind wanders to the negative.
Participate and engage fully in each experience.
Be Unmindful of Worries Such as .
.
.
When the positive experience will end.
Whether you deserve this positive experience.
How much more might be expected of you now.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , , ) , .
pp (p. of ) ; Pleasant Events List .
Working on my car .
Planning a career .
Getting out of (paying down) debt .
Collecting things (baseball cards, coins, stamps, rocks, shells, etc.)
.
Going on vacation .
Thinking how it will be when I finish school .
Recycling old items .
Going on a date .
Relaxing .
Going to or watching a movie .
Jogging, walking .
Thinking, I have done a full days work .
Listening to music .
Thinking about past parties .
Buying household gadgets .
Lying in the sun .
Planning a career change .
Laughing .
Thinking about past trips .
Listening to other people .
Reading magazines or newspapers .
Engaging in hobbies (stamp collecting, model building, etc.)
.
Spending an evening with good friends Planning a days activities .
.
Meeting new people Remembering beautiful scenery .
.
Saving money .
Going home from work .
Eating .
Practicing karate, judo, yoga .
Thinking about retirement .
Repairing things around the house .
Working on machinery (cars, boats, etc.)
.
Remembering the words and deeds of loving people .
Wearing shocking clothes .
Having quiet evenings .
Taking care of my plants .
Buying, selling stock .
Going swimming .
Doodling .
Exercising .
Collecting old things .
Going to a party .
Thinking about buying things .
Playing golf .
Playing soccer .
Flying kites .
Having discussions with friends .
Having family get-togethers .
Riding a bike or motorbike .
Running track .
Going camping .
Singing around the house .
Arranging flowers .
Practicing religion (going to church, group praying, etc.)
.
Organizing tools .
Going to the beach .
Thinking, Im an OK person .
Having a day with nothing to do .
Going to class reunions .
Going skating, skateboarding, rollerblading .
Going sailing or motorboating .
Traveling or going on vacations .
Painting Doing something spontaneously .
Doing needlepoint, crewel, etc.
.
Sleeping .
Driving .
Entertaining, giving parties .
Going to clubs (garden clubs, Parents .
without Partners, etc.)
.
Thinking about getting married .
Going hunting (continued on next page) Note.
For adults or adolescents.
Adapted from Linehan, M. M., Sharp, E., & Ivanoff, A. M. ( , November).
The Adult Pleasant Events Schedule.
Paper presented at the meeting of the Association for Advancement of Behavior Therapy, New York.
Adapted by permission of the authors.
Emotion Regulation Handout .
Singing with groups .
Flirting .
Playing musical instruments .
Doing arts and crafts .
Making a gift for someone .
Buying/downloading music .
Watching boxing, wrestling .
Planning parties .
Cooking .
Going hiking .
Writing (books, poems, articles) .
Sewing .
Buying clothes .
Going out to dinner .
Working .
Discussing books; going to a book club .
Sightseeing .
Getting a manicure/pedicure or facial .
Going to the beauty parlor .
Early morning coffee and newspaper .
Playing tennis .
Kissing .
Watching my children (play) .
Thinking, I have a lot more going for me than most people .
Going to plays and concerts .
Daydreaming .
Planning to go (back) to school .
Thinking about sex .
Going for a drive .
Refinishing furniture .
Watching TV .
Making lists of tasks .
Walking in the woods (or at the waterfront) .
Buying gifts .
Completing a task .
Going to a spectator sport (auto racing, horse racing) .
Teaching .
Photography .
Going fishing .
Thinking about pleasant events Staying on a diet .
.
Playing with animals .
Flying a plane .
Reading fiction (p. of ) .
Acting .
Being alone .
Writing diary entries or letters .
Cleaning .
Reading nonfiction .
Taking children places .
Dancing .
Weightlifting .
Going on a picnic .
Thinking, I did that pretty well, after doing something Meditating, yoga .
.
Having lunch with a friend Going to the mountains .
.
Playing hockey .
Working with clay or pottery .
Glass blowing .
Going skiing .
Dressing up .
Reflecting on how Ive improved .
Buying small things for myself (perfume, golf balls, etc.)
.
Talking on the phone .
Going to museums .
Thinking religious thoughts .
Lighting candles .
White-water canoeing/rafting .
Going bowling .
Doing woodworking .
Fantasizing about the future .
Taking ballet/tap-dancing classes .
Debating .
Sitting in a sidewalk caf .
Having an aquarium .
Participating in living history events Knitting .
.
Doing crossword puzzles .
Shooting pool .
Getting a massage .
Saying, I love you Playing catch, taking batting practice .
.
Shooting baskets .
Seeing and/or showing photos .
Thinking about my good qualities .
Solving riddles mentally .
Having a political discussion .
Buying books (continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout .
Taking a sauna or a steam bath .
Checking out garage sales .
Thinking about having a family .
Thinking about happy moments in my childhood .
Splurging .
Going horseback riding .
Doing something new .
Working on jigsaw puzzles .
Playing cards .
Thinking, Im a person who can cope Taking a nap .
.
Figuring out my favorite scent Making a card and giving it to someone .
I care about .
Instant-messaging/texting someone .
Playing a board game (e.g., Monopoly, Life, Clue, Sorry) .
Putting on my favorite piece of clothing .
Making a smoothie and drinking it slowly .
Putting on makeup .
Thinking about a friends good qualities .
Completing something I feel great about .
Surprising someone with a favor .
Surfing the Internet .
Playing video games .
E-mailing friends Going walking or sledding in a snowfall .
Getting a haircut .
Installing new software .
.
Buying a CD or music on iTunes .
Watching sports on TV .
Taking care of my pets .
Doing volunteer service .
Watching stand-up comedy on YouTube .
Working in my garden Participating in a public performance .
(e.g., a flash mob) Blogging .
Fighting for a cause .
.
Conducting experiments (p. of ) .
Expressing my love to someone .
Going on field trips, nature walks, exploring (hiking away from known routes, spelunking) .
Gathering natural objects (wild foods or fruit, driftwood) .
Going downtown or to a shopping mall .
Going to a fair, carnival, circus, zoo, or amusement park .
Going to the library .
Joining or forming a band .
Learning to do something new .
Listening to the sounds of nature .
Looking at the moon or stars .
Outdoor work (cutting or chopping wood, farm work) .
Playing organized sports (baseball, softball, football, Frisbee, handball, paddleball, squash, soccer, tennis, volleyball, etc.)
.
Playing in the sand, a stream, the grass; kicking leaves, pebbles, etc.
.
Protesting social, political, or environmental conditions .
Reading cartoons or comics .
Reading sacred works .
Rearranging or redecorating my room or the house Selling or trading something .
Snowmobiling or riding a dune buggy/ .
ATV Social networking .
Soaking in the bathtub .
.
Learning or speaking a foreign language Talking on the phone .
.
Composing or arranging songs or music .
Thrift store shopping .
Using computers .
Visiting people who are sick, shut in, or in trouble Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , b, ) , , .
pp ; Accumulating Positive Emotions: Long Term A ccumulate positive emotions in the long term to build a life worth living.
That is, make changes in your life so that positive events will occur in the future.
Step .
Avoid avoiding.
Start now to do what is needed to build the life you want.
If you are not sure about what to do, follow the steps below.
Step .
Identify values that are important to you.
Ask: What values are really important to me in my life?
Examples: Be productive; be part of a group; treat others well; be physically fit.
Step .
Identify one value to work on now.
Ask: What is really important to me, right now, to work on in my life?
Example: Be productive.
Step .
Identify a few goals related to this value.
Ask: What specific goals can I work on that will make this value part of my life?
Examples: Get a job where I can do something useful.
Be more active keeping up with important tasks at home.
Find a volunteer job that will use skills I already have.
Step .
Choose one goal to work on now.
Do pros and cons, if necessary, to select a goal to work on now.
Example: Get a job where I can do something useful.
Step .
Identify small action steps toward your goal.
Ask: What small steps can I take to get to my goal?
Examples: Visit places and look for job openings on the Internet in my area.
Submit applications for jobs at places I want to work.
Write rsum.
Check out benefits at places I might want to work.
Step .
Take one action step now.
Example: Go on Internet and check for jobs in my area.
Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , , ) , .
pp ; Values and Priorities List In my own Wise Mind, I believe it is important to: A.
Attend to relationships.
.
Repair old relationships.
.
Reach out for new relationships.
.
Work on current relationships.
.
End destructive relationships.
B.
Be part of a group.
.
Have close and satisfying relationships with others.
.
Feel a sense of belonging.
.
Receive affection and love.
.
Be involved and intimate with others; have and keep close friends.
.
Have a family; stay close to and spend time with family members.
.
Have people to do things with.
C. Be powerful and able to influence others.
.
Have the authority to approve or disapprove of what people do, or to control how resources are used.
.
Be a leader.
.
Make a great deal of money.
.
Be respected by others.
Be seen by others as successful; become well known; obtain recognition and status.
.
.
Compete successfully with others.
.
Be popular and accepted.
D. Achieve things in life.
.
Achieve significant goals; be involved in undertakings I believe are significant.
.
Be productive.
.
Work toward goals; work hard.
.
Be ambitious.
(continued on next page) Adapted from Schwartz, S. H. ( ).
Universals in the content and structure of values: Theory and empirical tests in countries.
In M. Zanna (Ed.
), Advances in experimental social psychology (Vol.
, pp.
).
New York: Academic Press.
Copyright by Academic Press.
Adapted by permission of Elsevier B.V. Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) E. Live a life of pleasure and satisfaction.
.
Have a good time.
.
Seek fun and things that give pleasure.
.
Have free time.
.
Enjoy the work I do.
F. Keep life full of exciting events, relationships, and things.
Try new and different things in life.
.
.
Be daring and seek adventures.
.
Have an exciting life.
G. Behave respectfully.
.
Be humble and modest; do not draw attention to myself.
.
Follow traditions and customs; behave properly.
.
Do what I am told and follow rules.
.
Treat others well.
H. Be self-directed.
.
Follow my own path in life.
.
Be innovative, think of new ideas, and be creative.
.
Make my own decisions and be free.
.
Be independent; take care of myself and those I am responsible for.
.
Have freedom of thought and action; be able to act in terms of my own priorities.
I.
Be a spiritual person.
.
Make room in life for spirituality; live life according to spiritual principles.
Practice a religion or faith.
.
.
Grow in understanding of myself, my personal calling, and lifes real purpose.
.
Discern and do the will of God (or a higher power) and find lasting meaning in life.
J.
Be secure.
.
Live in secure and safe surroundings.
.
Be physically healthy and fit.
.
Have a steady income that meets my own and my familys basic needs.
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) K. Recognize the universal good of all things.
.
Be fair, treat people equally, and provide equal opportunities.
.
Understand different people; be open-minded.
.
Care for nature and the environment.
L. Contribute to the larger community.
.
Help people and those in need; care for others well-being; improve society.
.
Be loyal to friends and devoted to close people; be committed to a group that shares my beliefs, values, and ethical principles.
.
Be committed to a cause or to a group that has a larger purpose beyond my own.
.
Make sacrifices for others.
M. Work at self-development.
.
Develop a personal philosophy of life.
.
Learn and do challenging things that help me grow and mature as a human being.
N. Have integrity.
.
Be honest, and acknowledge and stand up for my personal beliefs.
.
Be a responsible person; keep my word to others.
.
Be courageous in facing and living life.
.
Be a person who pays debts to others and repairs damage I have caused.
.
Be accepting of myself, others, and life as it is; live without resentment.
O. Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , ) .
pp ; Build Mastery and Cope Ahead B uild Mastery .
Plan on doing at least one thing each day to build a sense of accomplishment.
Example: .
Plan for success, not failure.
Do something difficult, but possible.
.
Gradually increase the difficulty over time.
If the first task is too difficult, do something a little easier next time.
.
Look for a challenge.
If the task is too easy, try something a little harder next time.
C ope Ahead of Time with Difficult Situations .
Describe the situation that is likely to prompt problem behavior.
Check the facts.
Be specific in describing the situation.
Name the emotions and actions likely to interfere with using your skills.
.
Decide what coping or problem-solving skills you want to use in the situation.
Be specific.
Write out in detail how you will cope with the situation and with your emotions and action urges.
.
Imagine the situation in your mind as vividly as possible.
Imagine yourself in the situation now, not watching the situation.
.
Rehearse in your mind coping effectively.
Rehearse in your mind exactly what you can do to cope effectively.
Rehearse your actions, your thoughts, what you say, and how to say it.
Rehearse coping effectively with new problems that come up.
Rehearse coping effectively with your most feared catastrophe.
.
Practice relaxation after rehearsing.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , ) , .
pp ; Taking Care of Your Mind by Taking Care of Your Body Remember these as PLEASE skills.
P L E A S E .
Treat PhysicaL Illness.
Take care of your body.
See a doctor when necessary.
Take prescribed medication.
.
Balance Eating.
Dont eat too much or too little.
Eat regularly and mindfully throughout the day.
Stay away from foods that make you feel overly emotional.
.
Avoid Mood-Altering Substances.
Stay off illicit drugs, and use alcohol in moderation (if at all).
.
Balance Sleep.
Try to get hours of sleep a night, or at least the amount of sleep that helps you feel good.
Keep to a consistent sleep schedule, especially if you are having difficulty sleeping.
.
Get Exercise.
Do some sort of exercise every day.
Try to build up to minutes of daily exercise.
Emotion Regulation Handout a (Emotion Regulation Worksheet a ) .
pp ; Nightmare Protocol, Step by Step When Nightmares Keep You from Sleeping .
Practice relaxation, pleasant imagery, and coping skills first, to be sure you are ready to work on changing your nightmares.
Do progressive relaxation, paced breathing, and/or Wise Mind exercises; listen to music or guided imagery; review the distress tolerance crisis survival skills.
.
Choose a recurring nightmare you would like to work on.
This will be your target nightmare.
Select a nightmare you can manage now.
Put off trauma nightmares until you are ready to work with themor, if you target a trauma nightmare, skip Step .
.
Write down your target nightmare.
Include sensory descriptions (sights, smells, sounds, tastes, etc.).
Also include any thoughts, feelings, and assumptions about yourself during the dream.
.
Choose a changed outcome for the nightmare.
The change should occur before anything traumatic or bad happens to you or others in the nightmare.
Essentially, you want to come up with a change that will prevent the bad outcome of the usual nightmare from occurring.
Write an ending that will give you a sense of peace when you wake up.
Note: Changes in the nightmare can be very unusual and out of the ordinary (e.g., you might become a person with superhuman powers who is able to escape to safety or fight off attackers).
Changed outcomes can include changed thoughts, feelings, or assumptions about yourself.
.
Write down the full nightmare with the changes.
.
Rehearse and relax each night before going to sleep.
Rehearse the changed nightmare by visualizing the entire dream with the changes each night, before practicing relaxation techniques.
.
Rehearse and relax during the day.
Visualize the entire dream with the change, and practice relaxation as often as possible during the day.
Emotion Regulation Handout b (Emotion Regulation Worksheet b ) .p ; Sleep Hygiene Protocol When You Cant Sleep, What to Do Instead of Ruminating To Increase the Likelihood of Restfulness/Sleep: .
Develop and follow a consistent sleep schedule even on weekends.
Go to bed and get up at the same times each day, and avoid anything longer than a -minute nap during the day.
.
Do not use your bed in the daytime for things like watching TV, talking on the phone, or reading.
.
Avoid caffeine, nicotine, alcohol, heavy meals, and exercise late in the day before going to sleep.
.
When prepared to sleep, turn off the light, and keep the room quiet and the temperature comfortable and relatively cool.
Try an electric blanket if you are cold; putting your feet outside of the blanket or turning on a fan directed toward your bed if you are hot; or wearing a sleeping mask, using earplugs, or turning on a white noise machine if needed.
.
Give yourself half an hour to at most an hour to fall asleep.
If it doesnt work, evaluate whether you are calm, or anxious (even if only background anxiety), or ruminating.
.
Do not catastrophize.
Remind yourself that you need rest, and aim for reverie (i.e., dreaminess) and resting your brain.
Sell yourself on the idea that staying awake is not a catastrophe.
Do not decide to give up on sleeping for the night and get up for the day.
If You Are Calm but Wide Awake: .
Get out of bed; go to another room and read a book or do some other activity that will not wake you up further.
As you begin to get tired and/or sleepy, go back to bed.
.
Try a light snack (e.g., an apple).
If You Are Anxious or Ruminating .
Use the cold water TIP skill.
Get right back in bed and do the paced breathing TIP skill.
(See Distress Tolerance Handout : TIP Skills: Changing Your Body Chemistry.)
Remember, if you have any medical condition, get medical approval before using cold water.
.
Try the meditation practice.
Breathe in deeply and breathe out slowly, saying in your mind the number .
On the next breath out, say ; then say ; and so on until you breathe out saying .
Then start over, but this time start with (instead of ) as you breathe out, followed by , and so on until you reach .
Next start with as you breathe out, and so on to .
Then start with , then with , and so on until you have gone all the way down to starting with .
(If you get lost, start over with the last number you remember.)
Continue until you fall asleep.
.
Focus on the bodily sensation of the rumination (rumination is often escape from difficult emotional sensations).
.
Reassure yourself that worries in the middle of the night are just middle-of-the-night- thinking, and that in the morning you will think and feel differently.
.
Read an emotionally engrossing novel for a few minutes until you feel somewhat tired.
Then stop reading, close your eyes, and try to continue the novel in your head.
.
If rumination doesnt stop, follow these guidelines: If its solvable, solve it.
If it is insolvable, go deep into the worry all the way to the catastrophethe very worst outcome you can imagineand then imagine coping ahead with the catastrophe.
(See Emotion Regulation Handout : Build Mastery and Cope Ahead.)
If nothing else works, with eyes closed, listen to public radio (BBC, NPR, etc.)
at low volume (use headphones if necessary).
Public radio is a good choice for this, because there is little fluctuation in voice tone or volume.
Handouts for Managing Really Difficult Emotions Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheets , ) .
pp ; Overview: Managing Really Difficult Emotions Mindfulness of Current Emotions Suppressing emotion increases suffering.
Mindfulness of current emotions is the path to emotional freedom.
Managing Extreme Emotions Sometimes emotional arousal is so high that you cant use any skills, particularly if the skills are complicated or take any thought on your part.
This is a skills breakdown point.
Crisis survival skills are needed.
Troubleshooting and Review There are many ways to change emotions.
It can be helpful to have a list of the important skills to look at when you cant remember the skills you need to regulate your emotions.
Emotion Regulation Handout (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Mindfulness of Current Emotions: Letting Go of Emotional Suffering Observe Your Emotion Step back and just notice your emotion.
Experience your emotion as a wave, coming and going.
Now imagine surfing the emotion wave.
Try not to block or suppress the emotion.
Dont try to get rid of or push away the emotion.
Dont try to keep the emotion around.
Dont hold on to it.
Dont amplify it.
Practice Mindfulness of Body Sensations Notice where in your body you are feeling emotional sensations.
Experience the sensations as fully as you can.
Observe how long it takes before the emotion goes down.
Remember: You Are Not Your Emotion Do not necessarily act on your emotion.
Remember times when you have felt different.
Practice Loving Your Emotion Respect your emotion.
Do not judge your emotion.
Practice willingness.
Radically accept your emotion.
Emotion Regulation Handout Managing Extreme Emotions Follow these suggestions when emotional arousal is very HIGHso extreme that your ability to use your skills breaks down.
First, observe and describe that you are at your skills breakdown point: Your distress is extreme.
You are overwhelmed.
You cannot focus your mind on anything but the emotion itself.
Your mind shuts down; your brain stops processing information.
You cannot solve problems or use complicated skills.
Now check the facts.
Are you really falling apart at this level of distress?
If no, use your skills.
If yes, go to Step : You are at your skills breakdown point.
Step .
Use crisis survival skills to bring down your arousal: (See Distress Tolerance Handouts a.)
TIP your body chemistry.
Distract yourself from the emotional events.
Self-soothe through the five senses.
Improve the moment you are in.
Step .
Return to mindfulness of current emotions.
(See Emotion Regulation Handout .)
Step .
Try other emotion regulation skills (if needed).
Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) (Emotion Regulation Worksheet ) .p ; Troubleshooting Emotion Regulation Skills: When What You Are Doing Isnt Working Check Your Biological Sensitivity Ask: Am I biologically more vulnerable?
Do I have untreated physical illness or distress?
Am I out of balance on eating, use of drugs, sleep, exercise?
Have I taken medications as prescribed?
Work on your PLEASE skills.
.
Take care of physical illness and distress.
.
Take medications as prescribed.
Check if others are needed.
.
Try again.
Check Your Skills Review what you have tried.
Did you try a skill likely to be effective?
Did you follow the skill instructions to the letter?
Work on your skills.
.
Review and try other skills.
.
Get coaching if you need it.
.
Try again.
Check for Reinforcers Ask: Do my emotions .
.
.
Communicate an important message or influence people to do things?
Motivate me to do things I think are important?
Validate my beliefs or my identity?
Feel good?
If yes: .
Practice interpersonal effectiveness skills to communicate.
.
Work to find new reinforcers to motivate yourself.
.
Practice self-validation.
.
Do pros and cons for changing emotions.
(See Emotion Regulation Worksheet .)
(continued on next page) Emotion Regulation Handout (p. of ) Check Your Mood Ask: Am I putting in the time and effort that solving my problem will take?
If no: .
Do pros and cons for working hard on skills.
.
Practice radical acceptance and willingness skills.
.
Practice the mindfulness skills of participating and effectiveness (See Mindfulness Handouts and .)
Check for Emotional Overload Ask: Am I too upset to use complicated skills?
If yes, ask: Can the problems I am worrying about be easily solved now?
If yes, do problem solving.
(See Emotion Regulation Handouts , .)
If no, practice mindfulness of current emotions.
(See Emotion Regulation Handout .)
If your emotions are too high for you to think straight: Go to TIP skills.
(See Distress Tolerance Handout .)
Check for Emotion Myths Getting in the Way Check for: Judgmental myths about emotions (e.g., Some emotions are stupid, There is a right way to feel in every situation)?
Beliefs that emotions and identity are the same (e.g., My emotions are who I am)?
If yes: .
Check the facts.
.
Challenge myths.
.
Practice thinking nonjudgmentally.
Emotion Regulation Handout Review of Skills for Emotion Regulation Reduce Emotional Vulnerability .
.
.
.
Accumulate positive emotions Build mastery Cope ahead PLEASE skills Change Emotional Thoughts and Interpretations Check the Facts Reduce Emotional Prompting Events Problem Solving Reduce Emotional Reactions and High Arousal Crisis Survival Strategies Mindfulness of Current Emotions Change Emotional Reactions Opposite Action (all the way) Opposite Body Language Name Emotions Describe Emotions Opposite Words Distraction Manage Aftereffects Repeat for Secondary Emotions Distress Tolerance Skills From DBT Skills Training Handouts and Worksheets, Second Edition, by Marsha M. Linehan.
Copyright by Marsha M. Linehan.
Permission to photocopy this handout is granted to purchasers of DBT Skills Training Handouts and Worksheets, Second Edition, and DBT Skills Training Manual, Second Edition, for personal use and use with individual clients only.
(See page ii of this packet for details.)
Distress Tolerance Handouts Distress Tolerance Handout Goals of Distress Tolerance Survive Crisis Situations Without Making Them Worse Accept Reality Replace Suffering and Being Stuck with Ordinary Pain and the Possibility of Moving Forward Become Free Of Having to Satisfy the Demands of Your Own Desires, Urges, and Intense Emotions Handouts for Crisis Survival Skills Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets b ) .
pp ; Overview: Crisis Survival Skills These are skills for tolerating painful events, urges, and emotions when you cannot make things better right away.
The STOP Skill Pros and Cons TIP Your Body Chemistry Distract with Wise Mind ACCEPTS Self-Soothe with the Five Senses Improve the Moment Distress Tolerance Handout When to Use Crisis Survival Skills You are in a crisis when the situation is: Highly stressful.
Short-term (that is, it wont last a long time).
Creates intense pressure to resolve the crisis now.
Use crisis survival skills when: .
.
.
.
.
You have intense pain that cannot be helped quickly.
You want to act on your emotions, but it will only make things worse.
Emotion mind threatens to overwhelm you, and you need to stay skillful.
You are overwhelmed, yet demands must be met.
Arousal is extreme, but problems cant be solved immediately.
Dont use crisis survival skills for: Everyday problems.
Solving all your life problems.
Making your life worth living.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a ) .
pp ; STOP Skill S T O P top Do not just react.
Stop!
Freeze!
Do not move a muscle!
Your emotions may try to make you act without thinking.
Stay in control!
ake a step back Take a step back from the situation.
Take a break.
Let go.
Take a deep breath.
Do not let your feelings make you act impulsively.
bserve Notice what is going on inside and outside you.
What is the situation?
What are your thoughts and feelings?
What are others saying or doing?
roceed mindfully Act with awareness.
In deciding what to do, consider your thoughts and feelings, the situation, and other peoples thoughts and feelings.
Think about your goals.
Ask Wise Mind: Which actions will make it better or worse?
Note.
Adapted from an unpublished worksheet by Francheska Perepletchikova and Seth Axelrod, with their permission.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a ) .
pp ; Pros and Cons Use pros and cons any time you have to decide between two courses of action.
An urge is a crisis when it is very strong and when acting on the urge will make things worse in the long term.
Make a list of the pros and cons of acting on your crisis urges.
These might be to engage in dangerous, addictive, or harmful behaviors, or they might be to give in, give up, or avoid doing what is necessary to build a life you want to live.
Make another list of the pros and cons of resisting crisis urgesthat is, tolerating the distress and not giving in to the urges.
Use the grid below to evaluate both sets of pros and cons (this type of grid is also used in Distress Tolerance Worksheet ).
Or you can use the type of grid seen in Distress Tolerance Worksheet a and in the pros-and-cons worksheets for other modules.
Pros Acting on crisis urges Resisting crisis urges Cons Pros of acting on impulsive urges, giving in, giving up, or avoiding what needs to be done.
Cons of acting on impulsive urges, giving in, giving up, or avoiding what needs to be done.
Pros of resisting impulsive urges, doing what needs to be done, and not giving up.
Cons of resisting impulsive urges, doing what needs to be done, and not giving up.
Before an overwhelming crisis urge hits: Write out your pros and cons; carry them with you.
Rehearse your pros and cons over and over.
When an overwhelming crisis urge hits: Review your pros and cons.
Get out your list and read it over again.
Imagine the positive consequences of resisting the urge.
Think of the negative consequences of giving in to crisis behaviors.
Remember past consequences when you have acted on crisis urges.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; TIP Skills: Changing Your Body Chemistry To reduce extreme emotion mind fast.
Remember these as TIP skills: Tip the Temperature of your face with cold water (to calm down fast) T Holding your breath, put your face in a bowl of cold water, or hold a cold pack (or zip-lock bag of cold water) on your eyes and cheeks.
Hold for seconds.
Keep water above F. Intense exercise (to calm down your body when it is revved up by emotion) I P Engage in intense exercise, if only for a short while.
Expend your bodys stored up physical energy by running, walking fast, jumping, playing basketball, lifting weights, etc.
Paced breathing (pace your breathing by slowing it down) Breathe deeply into your belly.
Slow your pace of inhaling and exhaling way down (on average, five to six breaths per minute).
Breathe out more slowly than you breathe in (for example, seconds in and seconds out).
Paired muscle relaxation (to calm down by pairing muscle relaxation with breathing out) While breathing into your belly deeply tense your body muscles (not so much as to cause a cramp).
Notice the tension in your body.
While breathing out, say the word Relax in your mind.
Let go of the tension.
Notice the difference in your body.
Caution: Very cold water decreases your heart rate rapidly.
Intense exercise will increase heart rate.
Consult your health care provider before using these skills if you have a heart or medical condition, a lowered base heart rate due to medications, take a beta-blocker, are allergic to cold, or have an eating disorder.
Distress Tolerance Handout a (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; Using Cold Water, Step by Step Cold water can work wonders When you put your full face into cold water .
.
.
or you put a zip-lock bag with cold water on your eyes and upper cheeks, and hold your breath, it tells your brain you are diving underwater.
This causes the dive response to occur.
(It may take seconds to start.)
Your heart slows down, blood flow to nonessential organs is reduced, and blood flow is redirected to the brain and heart.
This response can actually help regulate your emotions.
This will be useful as a distress tolerance strategy when you are having a very strong, distressing emotion, or when you are having very strong urges to engage in dangerous behaviors.
(This strategy works best when you are sitting quietlyactivity and distraction may make it less effective.)
Try it out!
Caution: Very cold water decreases your heart rate.
If you have any heart or medical condition, have a lowered base heart rate due to medications, or are on a beta-blocker, consult your health care provider before using these skills.
Avoid ice water if you are allergic to the cold.
Distress Tolerance Handout b (Distress Tolerance Worksheet a ) .p ; Paired Muscle Relaxation, Step by Step If you have decided to practice paired muscle relaxation, it can be very helpful to practice relaxing each of your muscles first.
When you are starting, practice in a quiet place to reduce distractions, and make sure that you have enough time.
As you improve with practice, you will want to practice in many different kinds of places, so that you can relax effectively when you most need to.
Remember that effectiveness improves with practice.
If judgments arise, observe them, let them go, and return to your practice.
If you become anxious, try focusing on breathing in to the count of and out to the count of (or the counts you have already determined for paced breathing), breathing all the while into your belly until you can return to relaxation exercises.
Now that you are ready to begin .
.
.
.
Get your body into a comfortable position in which you can relax.
Loosen tight clothing.
Lie or sit down, with all body parts uncrossed and no body part supporting any others.
.
For each area of the body listed below, gather tension by tightening muscles.
Focus on the sensation of tightness in and around that area.
Hold the tension as you inhale for seconds, then release and breathe out.
.
As you release, say in your mind very slowly the word Relax.
.
Observe the changes in sensations as you relax for seconds then move on to the next muscle.
Start first with each of the muscle groups.
Once you can do that, practice with medium groups of muscles and then large groups.
Once you are good at that, practice tensing your entire body at once.
Large Medium Small When you tense your entire body, you are like a robotstiff, nothing moving.
When you relax your entire body, you are like a rag dollall muscles drooping down.
Once you can relax all your muscles, practice three or four times a day until you can routinely relax your entire body rapidly.
By practicing pairing exhaling and the word Relax with relaxing your muscles, you will eventually be able to relax just by letting go and saying the word Relax.
Hands and wrists: Make fists with both hands and pull fists up on the wrists.
Lower and upper arms: Make fists and bend both arms up to touch your shoulders.
Shoulders: Pull both shoulders up to your ears.
Forehead: Pull eyebrows close together, wrinkling forehead.
Eyes: Shut eyes tightly.
Nose and upper cheeks: Scrunch up nose; bring upper lips and cheeks up toward eyes.
Lips and lower face: Press lips together; bring edges of lips back toward ears.
Tongue and mouth: Teeth together; tongue pushing on upper mouth.
Neck: Push head back into chair, floor, or bed, or push chin down to chest.
Chest: Take deep breath and hold it.
Back: Arch back, bringing shoulder blades together.
Stomach: Hold stomach in tightly.
Buttocks: Squeeze buttocks together.
Upper legs and thighs: Legs out; tense thighs.
Calves: Legs out; point toes down.
Ankles: Legs out; point toes together, heels out, toes curled under.
Remember, paired relaxation is a skill.
It takes time to develop.
With practice, you will notice the benefits.
Note.
Adapted from Smith, R. E. ( ).
Development of an integrated coping response through cognitiveaffective stress management training.
In I. G. Sarason & C. D. Spielberger (Eds.
), Stress and anxiety (Vol.
, pp.
).
Washington, DC: Hemisphere.
Copyright by Hemisphere Publishing Corporation.
Adapted by permission.
Distress Tolerance Handout c (Distress Tolerance Worksheet b ) .p ; Effective Rethinking and Paired Relaxation, Step by Step Stressful prompting event What I tell myself Emotional arousal Step .
Write down the prompting event that is often related to distressing emotions and that you want to work on reducing your emotional reactions to.
Step .
Ask: What must I be telling myself (that is, what are my interpretations and thoughts) about the event that causes such distress and arousal?
Write these down.
Examples: He hates me, I cant stand this!
I cant do this, Ill never make it, Im out of control!
Step .
Rethink the situation and its meaning in a way that counteracts the thoughts and interpretations producing stress and distressing emotions.
As you rethink the situation, write down as many effective thoughts as you can to replace the stressful thoughts.
Step .
When you are not in the stressful prompting event, practice imagining the stressful event: a.
At the same time, while breathing in, say to yourself an effective self-statement.
b.
When breathing out, say Relax while intentionally relaxing all your muscles.
Step .
Keep practicing every chance you get until you have mastered the strategy.
Step .
When a stressful situation occurs, practice effective rethinking and paired relaxation.
t) (b ou re tiv e g in fe c .
ax th ea br el .r .. Ef .. (.
se lfat st hi at ng em in en .. t.
.)
.
.
.
.
.
So .
.
.
Examples: Its not that important .
.
.
so .
.
.
relax.
I may not like this, but I can definitely stand it .
.
.
so .
.
.
relax.
I need to concentrate and not make myself uptight .
.
.
so .
.
.
relax.
Im in control .
.
.
so .
.
.
relax.
Note.
Adapted from Smith, R. E. ( ).
Development of an integrated coping response through cognitiveaffective stress management training.
In I. G. Sarason & C. D. Spielberger (Eds.
), Stress and anxiety (Vol.
, pp.
).
Washington, DC: Hemisphere.
Copyright by Hemisphere Publishing Corporation.
Adapted by permission.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets b ) .
pp ; Distracting A way to remember these skills is the phrase Wise Mind ACCEPTS.
With Activities: Focus attention on a task you need to get Go out for a meal or eat a favorite food.
done.
Call or go out with a friend.
Rent movies; watch TV.
Listen to your iPod; download music.
Clean a room in your house.
Build something.
Find an event to go to.
Spend time with your children.
Play computer games.
Play cards.
Go walking.
Exercise.
Read magazines, books, comics.
Surf the Internet.
Write e-mails.
Do crossword puzzles or Sudoku.
Play sports.
With Contributing: Find volunteer work to do.
Call or send an instant message encouraging Help a friend or family member.
someone or just saying hi.
Surprise someone with something nice (a Make something nice for someone else.
card, a favor, a hug).
Do something thoughtful.
Give away things you dont need.
With Comparisons: Compare how you are feeling now to a time Compare yourself to those less fortunate.
when you felt different.
Watch reality shows about others troubles; Think about people coping the same as you or read about disasters, others suffering.
less well than you.
With different Emotions: Read emotional books or stories, old letters.
Ideas: Scary movies, joke books, comedies, Watch emotional TV shows; go to emotional funny records, religious music, soothing music movies.
or music that fires you up, going to a store and Listen to emotional music.
reading funny greeting cards.
(Be sure the event creates different emotions.)
With Pushing away: Push the situation away by leaving it for a Notice ruminating: Yell No!
while.
Refuse to think about the painful situations.
Leave the situation mentally.
Put the pain on a shelf.
Box it up and put it Build an imaginary wall between yourself and away for a while.
the situation.
Deny the problem for the moment.
Block thoughts and images from your mind.
With other Thoughts: Count to ; count colors in a painting or Work puzzles.
poster or out the window; count anything.
Watch TV or read.
Repeat words to a song in your mind.
Squeeze a rubber ball very hard.
Listen to very loud music.
Hold ice in your hand or mouth.
With other Sensations: Go out in the rain or snow.
Take a hot or cold shower.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheet b ) .
pp ; Self-Soothing A way to remember these skills is to think of soothing each of your five senses.
With Vision: Look at the stars at night.
Sit in the lobby of a beautiful old hotel.
Look at pictures you like in a book.
Look at nature around you.
Buy one beautiful flower.
Walk in a pretty part of town.
Make one space in a room pleasing to look at.
Watch a sunrise or a sunset.
Light a candle and watch the flame.
Go to a dance performance, or watch it on TV.
Set a pretty place at the table using your best Be mindful of each sight that passes in front of things.
you.
Go people-watching or window-shopping.
Take a walk in a park or a scenic hike.
Go to a museum or poster shop with beautiful Browse through stores looking at things.
art.
With Hearing: Listen to soothing or invigorating music.
Burn a CD or make an iPod mix with music Pay attention to sounds of nature (waves, that will get you through tough times.
Turn it birds, rainfall, leaves rustling).
on.
Pay attention to the sounds of the city (traffic, Be mindful of any sounds that come your way, horns, city music).
letting them go in one ear and out the other.
Sing to your favorite songs.
Turn on the radio.
Hum a soothing tune.
Learn to play an instrument.
With Smell: Use your favorite soap, shampoo, aftershave, Sit in a new car and breathe the aroma.
cologne, or lotions, or try them on in the store.
Boil cinnamon.
Make cookies, bread, or Burn incense or light a scented candle.
popcorn.
Open a package of coffee and inhale the Smell the roses.
aroma.
Walk in a wooded area and mindfully breathe Put lemon oil on your furniture.
in the fresh smells of nature.
Put potpourri or eucalyptus oil in a bowl in your Open the window and smell the air.
room.
With Taste: Eat some of your favorite foods.
Suck on a piece of peppermint candy.
Drink your favorite soothing drink, such Chew your favorite gum.
as herbal tea, hot chocolate, a latt, or a Get a little bit of a special food you dont smoothie.
usually spend the money on, such as fresh- Treat yourself to a dessert.
squeezed orange juice or your favorite candy.
Eat macaroni and cheese or another favorite Really taste the food you eat.
Eat one thing childhood food.
mindfully.
Sample flavors in an ice cream store.
With Touch: Take a long hot bath or shower.
Take a drive with the car windows rolled down.
Pet your dog or cat.
Run your hand along smooth wood or leather.
Have a massage.
Soak your feet.
Hug someone.
Put creamy lotion on your whole body.
Put clean sheets on the bed.
Put a cold compress on your forehead.
Wrap up in a blanket.
Sink into a comfortable chair in your home.
Notice touch that is soothing.
Put on a blouse or shirt that has a pleasant feel.
Distress Tolerance Handout a (Distress Tolerance Worksheet c ) .p ; Body Scan Meditation Step by Step Sit on a chair, or lie on your back on the floor with legs uncrossed.
Put your arms in a comfortable position by your side, on your abdomen, or (if sitting) put them on your thighs palms up.
Open your eyes partially to let light in.
If you are lying on the floor, put a cushion under your knees if need be.
Imagine your breath flowing to each part of your body as your attention gently moves up your body.
Adopt a mind of curiosity and interest as you focus on each part of your body.
Focus on your breathing.
Notice how the air moves in and out of your body.
Take several deep breaths until you begin to feel comfortable and relaxed.
Direct your attention to the toes of your left foot.
Notice the sensations in that part of your body while remaining aware of your breathing.
Imagine each breath flowing to your toes.
Looking with curiosity, ask, What am I feeling in this part of my body?
Focus on your left toes for several minutes.
Then move your focus to the arch and heel of your left foot, and hold it there for a minute or two while continuing to pay attention to your breathing.
Notice the sensations on your skin of warmth or coldness; notice the weight of your foot on the floor.
Imagine your breath flowing to the arch and heel of your left foot.
Ask, What are the feelings in the arch and heel of my left foot?
Follow the same procedure as you move to your left ankle, calf, knee, upper legs, and thigh.
Repeat with the right leg, starting with your toes.
Then move through your pelvis, and lower back, and around to your stomach.
Focus on the rising and falling of your belly as your breath goes in and out.
Then go on to your chest; left hand, arm, and shoulder; right hand, arm, and shoulder; neck, chin, tongue, mouth, lips, and lower face; and nose.
Notice your breath as it comes in and out of your nostrils.
Then focus on your upper cheeks, eyes, forehead, and scalp.
Finally, focus on the very top of your hair.
Then let go of your body altogether.
Dont worry if you notice that thoughts, sounds, or other sensations come into your awareness.
Just notice them and then gently refocus your mind.
Dont worry if your mind has been drawn away from the object of your attention and you find yourself thinking about something else (it nearly always happens).
Just calmly, gently, but with resolution, turn your mind back to the part of the body youve reached.
You may need to bring your attention back over and over.
You are not alone in this.
It is this bringing of your attention back over and over and over, without judgment or harshness, that is the essential element of the meditation.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a, b ) .
pp ; Improving the Moment A way to remember these skills is the word IMPROVE.
With Imagery: Imagine very relaxing scenes.
Imagine hurtful emotions draining out of you Imagine a secret room within yourself.
Furnish like water out of a pipe.
it the way you like.
Close and lock the door on Remember a happy time and imagine yourself anything that can hurt you.
in it again; play out the time in your mind Imagine everything going well.
again.
Make up a calming fantasy world.
With Meaning: Find purpose or meaning in a painful situation.
Remember, listen to, or read about spiritual Focus on whatever positive aspects of a values.
painful situation you can find.
Repeat these positive aspects in your mind.
With Prayer: Open your heart to a supreme being, God, or Turn things over to God or a higher being.
your own Wise Mind.
Ask for strength to bear the pain.
Take a hot bath or sit in a hot tub.
Drink hot milk.
Massage your neck and scalp.
Practice yoga or other stretching.
With Relaxing actions: Breathe deeply.
Change your facial expression.
With One thing in the moment: Focus your entire attention on just what you Focus your entire attention on the physical are doing.
Listen to a sensory awareness recording (or Keep yourself in the moment.
use Distress Tolerance Handout a) Put your mind in the present.
With a brief Vacation: Give yourself a brief vacation.
Take a blanket to the park and sit on it for a Get in bed; pull the covers up over your head.
whole afternoon.
Go to the beach or the woods for the day.
Take a -hour breather from hard work.
Get a magazine and read it with chocolates.
Take a brief vacation from responsibility.
Turn off your phone for a day.
With self-Encouragement and rethinking the situation: Cheerlead yourself: You go, girl!
You da This too shall pass.
man!
I will be OK.
I will make it out of this.
It wont last forever.
Im doing the best I can.
Repeat over and over: I can stand it.
List (and then practice) rethoughts that are particularly important in your crisis situations (e.g., The fact that he did not pick me up doesnt mean he doesnt love me): Distress Tolerance Handout a Sensory Awareness, Step by Step Find a comfortable position.
Staying in this position, listen to the questions below, listening for your response after each question.
If you do not have a recording of these questions, you can make one for yourself (or ask a friend to make one), recording each question with about seconds between each question.
.
Can you feel your hair touching your head?
.
Can you feel your belly rising and falling as you breathe?
.
Can you feel the space between your eyes?
.
Can you feel the distance between your ears?
.
Can you feel your breath touching the back of your eyes while you inhale?
.
Can you picture something far away?
.
Can you notice your arms touching your body?
.
Can you feel the bottoms of your feet?
.
Can you imagine a beautiful day at the beach?
.
Can you notice the space within your mouth?
.
Can you notice the position of your tongue in your mouth?
.
Can you feel a breeze against your cheek?
.
Can you feel how one arm is heavier than the other?
.
Can you feel a tingling or numbness in one hand?
.
Can you feel how one arm is more relaxed than the other?
.
Can you feel a change in the temperature in the air around you?
.
Can you feel how your left arm is warmer than the right?
.
Can you imagine how it would feel to be a rag doll?
.
Can you notice any tightness in your left forearm?
.
Can you imagine something very pleasant?
.
Can you imagine what it would feel like to float on a cloud?
.
Can you imagine what it would feel like to be stuck in molasses?
.
Can you picture something far away?
.
Can you feel a heaviness in your legs?
.
Can you imagine floating in warm water?
.
Can you notice your body hanging on your bones?
.
Can you allow yourself to drift lazily?
.
Can you feel your face getting soft?
.
Can you imagine a beautiful flower?
.
Can you feel how one arm and leg are heavier than the other?
Note.
Items and are adapted from Goldfried, M. R., & Davison, G. C. ( ).
Clinical behavior therapy.
New York: Holt, Rinehart & Winston.
Copyright by Marvin R. Goldfried and Gerald C. Davison.
Adapted by permission of the authors.
Handouts for Reality Acceptance Skills Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets a ) .
pp ; Overview: Reality Acceptance Skills These are skills for how to live a life that is not the life you want.
Radical Acceptance Turning the Mind Willingness Half-Smiling and Willing Hands Allowing the Mind: Mindfulness of Current Thoughts Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets a ) .
pp ; Radical Acceptance (When you cannot keep painful events and emotions from coming your way.)
What Is Radical Acceptance?
.
Radical means all the way, complete and total.
.
It is accepting in your mind, your heart, and your body.
.
Its when you stop fighting reality, stop throwing tantrums because reality is not the way you want it, and let go of bitterness.
What Has to Be Accepted?
.
Reality is as it is (the facts about the past and the present are the facts, even if you dont like them).
.
There are limitations on the future for everyone (but only realistic limitations need to be accepted).
.
Everything has a cause (including events and situations that cause you pain and suffering).
.
Life can be worth living even with painful events in it.
Why Accept Reality?
.
Rejecting reality does not change reality.
.
Changing reality requires first accepting reality.
.
Pain cant be avoided; it is natures way of signaling that something is wrong.
.
Rejecting reality turns pain into suffering.
.
Refusing to accept reality can keep you stuck in unhappiness, bitterness, anger, sadness, shame, or other painful emotions.
.
Acceptance may lead to sadness, but deep calmness usually follows.
.
The path out of hell is through misery.
By refusing to accept the misery that is part of climbing out of hell, you fall back into hell.
Distress Tolerance Handout a Radical Acceptance: Factors That Interfere Radical Acceptance Is Not: Approval, compassion, love, passivity, or against change.
Factors That Interfere with Acceptance .
You dont have the skills for acceptance; you do not know how to accept really painful events and facts.
.
You believe that if you accept a painful event, you are making light of it or are approving of the facts, and that nothing will be done to change or prevent future painful events.
.
Emotions get in the way (unbearable sadness; anger at the person or group that caused the painful event; rage at the injustice of the world; overwhelming shame about who you are; guilt about your own behavior).
Distress Tolerance Handout b (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a ) .
pp ; Practicing Radical Acceptance Step by Step Observe that you are questioning or fighting reality (It shouldnt be this way).
Remind yourself that the unpleasant reality is just as it is and cannot be changed (This is what happened).
Remind yourself that there are causes for the reality.
Acknowledge that some sort of history led up to this very moment.
Consider how peoples lives have been shaped by a series of factors.
Notice that given these causal factors and how history led up to this moment, this reality had to occur just this way (This is how things happened).
Practice accepting with the whole self (mind, body, and spirit).
Be creative in finding ways to involve your whole self.
Use accepting self-talkbut also consider using relaxation; mindfulness of your breath; half-smiling and willing hands while thinking about what feels unacceptable; prayer; going to a place that helps bring you to acceptance; or imagery.
Practice opposite action.
List all the behaviors you would do if you did accept the facts.
Then act as if you have already accepted the facts.
Engage in the behaviors that you would do if you really had accepted.
Cope ahead with events that seem unacceptable.
Imagine (in your minds eye) believing what you dont want to accept.
Rehearse in your mind what you would do if you accepted what seems unacceptable.
Attend to body sensations as you think about what you need to accept.
Allow disappointment, sadness, or grief to arise within you.
Acknowledge that life can be worth living even when there is pain.
Do pros and cons if you find yourself resisting practicing acceptance.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a, ) , .
pp ; Turning the Mind Turning the mind is like facing a fork in the road.
You have to turn your mind toward the acceptance road, and away from the road of rejecting reality.
Turning the mind is choosing to accept.
The choice to accept does not itself equal acceptance.
It just puts you on the path.
Turning the Mind, Step by Step .
Observe that you are not accepting.
(Look for anger, bitterness, annoyance; avoiding emotions; saying Why me?, Why is this happening?, I cant stand this, It shouldnt be this way.)
Rejection Acceptance If you are here .
.
.
.
Go within yourself and make an inner commitment to accept reality as it is.
.
Do it again, over and over.
Keep turning your mind to acceptance each time you come to the fork in the road where you can reject reality or accept it.
.
Develop a plan for catching yourself in the future when you drift out of acceptance.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a, ) , .
pp ; Willingness Willingness is readiness to enter and participate fully in life and living.
Find a willing response to each situation.
Willingness is doing just what is needed: In each situation.
Wholeheartedly, without dragging your feet.
Willingness is listening very carefully to your Wise Mind, and then acting from your Wise Mind.
Willingness is acting with awareness that you are connected to the universe (to the stars, people you like and dont like, the floor, etc.).
Replace willfulness with willingness.
Willfulness is refusing to tolerate the moment.
Willfulness is refusing to make changes that are needed.
Willfulness is giving up.
Willfulness is the opposite of doing what works.
Willfulness is trying to fix every situation.
Willfulness is insisting on being in control.
Willfulness is attachment to me, me, me and what I want right now!
Willingness, Step by Step .
Observe the willfulness.
Label it.
Experience it.
.
Radically accept that at this moment you feel (and may be acting) willful.
You cannot fight willfulness with willfulness.
.
Turn your mind toward acceptance and willingness.
.
Try half-smiling and a willing posture.
.
When willfulness is immovable, ask, Whats the threat?
Situations where I notice my own: Willfulness: Willingness: Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a, ) , .
pp ; Half-Smiling and Willing Hands Accepting reality with your body.
Half-Smiling st.
Relax your face from the top of your head down to your chin and jaw.
Let go of each facial muscle (forehead, eyes, and brows; cheeks, mouth, and tongue; teeth slightly apart).
If you have difficulty, try tensing your facial muscles and then letting go.
A tense smile is a grin (and might tell your brain you are hiding or masking your real feelings).
nd.
Let both corners of your lips go slightly up, just so you can feel them.
It is not necessary for others to see it.
A half-smile is slightly upturned lips with a relaxed face.
rd.
Try to adopt a serene facial expression.
Remember, your face communicates to your brain; your body connects to your mind.
Willing Hands Standing: Drop your arms down from your shoulders; keep them straight or bent slightly at the elbows.
With hands unclenched, turn your hands outward, with thumbs out to your sides, palms up, and fingers relaxed.
Sitting: Place your hands on your lap or your thighs.
With hands unclenched, turn your hands outward, with palms up and fingers relaxed.
Lying down: Arms by your side, hands unclenched, turn your palms up with fingers relaxed.
Remember, your hands communicate to your brain; your body connects to your mind.
Distress Tolerance Handout a (p. of ) (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; Practicing Half-Smiling and Willing Hands .
Half-smile when you first wake up in the morning.
Hang a branch, any other sign, or even the word smile on the ceiling or wall, so that you see it right away when you open your eyes.
This sign will serve as your reminder.
Use these seconds before you get out of bed to take hold of your breath.
Inhale and exhale three breaths gently while maintaining a half-smile.
Follow your breaths.
Add willing hands to your half-smile, or practice willing hands alone.
.
Half-smile during your free moments.
Anywhere you find yourself sitting or standing, half-smile.
Look at a child, a leaf, a painting on a wall, or anything that is relatively still, and smile.
Inhale and exhale quietly three times.
.
Half-smile with willing hands while you are listening to music.
Listen to a piece of music for or minutes.
Pay attention to the words, music, rhythm, and sentiments of the music you are listening to (not your daydreams of other times).
Half-smile while watching your inhalations and exhalations.
Adopt a willing-hands posture.
.
Half-smile with willing hands when you are irritated.
When you realize Im irritated, half-smile or adopt a willing-hands posture at once.
Inhale and exhale quietly, maintaining a half-smile or willing hands for three breaths.
.
Half-smile in a lying-down position.
Lie on your back on a flat surface, without the support of mattress or pillow.
Keep your two arms loosely by your sides, and keep your two legs slightly apart, stretched out before you.
Maintain willing hands and a half-smile.
Breathe in and out gently, keeping your attention focused on your breath.
Let go of every muscle in your body.
Relax each muscle as though it were sinking down through the floor, or as though it were as soft and yielding as a piece of silk hanging in the breeze to dry.
Let go entirely, keeping your attention only on your breath and half-smile.
Think of yourself as a cat, completely relaxed before a warm fire, whose muscles yield without resistance to anyones touch.
Continue for breaths.
.
Half-smile in a sitting position.
Sit on the floor with your back straight, or on a chair with your two feet touching the floor.
Halfsmile.
Inhale and exhale while maintaining the half-smile.
Let go.
(continued on next page) Note.
Exercises and are adapted from The Miracle of Mindfulness (pp.
, ) by Thich Nhat Hanh.
Copyright , by Thich Nhat Hanh.
Preface and English translation copyright , , by Mobi Ho.
Adapted by permission of Beacon Press, Boston.
Distress Tolerance Handout a (p. of ) .
Half-smile with willing hands while you are contemplating a person you dislike or are angry with.
Sit quietly.
Breathe and smile a half-smile.
Hold your hands open with palms up.
Imagine the image of the person who has caused you suffering.
Regard the features you dislike the most or find the most repulsive.
Try to examine what makes this person happy and what causes suffering in his or her daily life.
Imagine the persons perceptions; try to see what patterns of thought and reason this person follows.
Examine what motivates this persons hopes and actions.
Finally, consider the persons consciousness.
See whether the persons views and insights are open and free or not, and whether or not the person has been influenced by any prejudices, narrow-mindedness, hatred, or anger.
See whether or not the person is master of him- or herself.
Continue until you feel compassion rise in your heart like a well filling with fresh water, and your anger and resentment disappear.
Practice this exercise many times on the same person.
Notes/Other times to half-smile and/or form willing hands: Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a, ) , .
pp ; Mindfulness of Current Thoughts .
Observe your thoughts.
As waves, coming and going.
Not suppressing thoughts.
Not judging thoughts.
Acknowledging their presence.
Not keeping thoughts around.
Not analyzing thoughts.
Practicing willingness.
Stepping back and observing thoughts as they run in and out of your mind.
.Adopt a curious mind.
Ask, Where do my thoughts come from?
Watch and see.
Notice that every thought that comes also goes out of your mind.
Observe but do not evaluate your thoughts.
Let go of judgments.
.Remember: You are not your thoughts.
Do not necessarily act on thoughts.
Remember times when you have had very different thoughts.
Remind yourself that catastrophic thinking is emotion mind.
Remember how you think when you are not feeling such intense suffering and pain.
.
Dont block or suppress thoughts.
Ask, What sensations are these thoughts trying to avoid?
Turn your mind to the sensation.
Then come back to the thought.
Repeat several times.
Step back; allow your thoughts to come and go as you observe your breath.
Play with your thoughts: Repeat them out loud over and over as fast as you can.
Sing them.
Imagine the thoughts as the words of a clown, as recordings getting all tangled up; as cute animals you can cuddle up to; as bright colors running through your mind; as only sounds.
Try loving your thoughts.
Distress Tolerance Handout a (p. of ) (Distress Tolerance Worksheets , a, ) , .
pp ; Practicing Mindfulness of Thoughts Practice Mindfulness of Thoughts by Observing Them .
Notice thoughts as they come into your mind.
As a thought comes into your mind, say a thought has entered my mind.
Label the thought as a thought, saying, The thought [describe thought] arose in my mind.
Use a gentle voice tone.
.
As you notice thoughts in your mind, ask, Where did the thought come from?
Then watch your mind to see if you can see where it came from.
.
Step back from your mind, as if you are on top of a mountain and your mind is just a boulder down below.
Gaze at your mind, watching what thoughts come up when you are watching it.
Come back into your mind before you stop.
.
Close your eyes and scan your body for the first physical sensation that you notice.
Then scan your mind for the first thought you notice.
Shuttle back and forth between scanning for physical sensations and scanning for thoughts.
Another time, replace scanning your body for physical sensations to scanning yourself for any emotional feelings.
Then shuttle back and forth between an emotional feeling and a thought.
Practice Mindfulness of Thoughts by Using Words and Voice Tone .
Verbalize thoughts or beliefs out loud, using a nonjudgmental voice tone, over and over and over: As fast as you can until the thoughts make no sense.
Very, very slowly (one syllable or word per breath).
In a different voice from yours (high- or low-pitched, like a cartoon character or celebrity).
As a dialogue on a TV comedy show (Youll never believe what thought went through my mind.
I was thinking, Im a jerk.
Can you believe that?).
As songs, sung wholeheartedly and dramatically, in a tune that fits the thoughts.
Practice Mindfulness of Thoughts with Opposite Action .
Relax your face and body while imagining accepting your thoughts as only thoughts sensations of the brain.
.
Imagine things you would do if you stopped believing everything you think.
.
Rehearse in your mind the things that you would do if you did not view your thoughts as facts.
.
Practice loving your thoughts as they go through your mind.
(continued on next page) Distress Tolerance Handout a (p. of ) Practice Mindfulness of Thoughts by Imagining That Your Mind Is: .
A conveyor belt, and that thoughts and feelings are coming down the belt.
Put each thought or feeling in a box labeled with the type of thought that it is (e.g., worry thoughts, thoughts about my past, thoughts about my mother, planning what to do thoughts).
Just keep observing and sorting thoughts into the labeled boxes.
.
A river, and that thoughts and feelings are boats going down the river.
Imagine sitting on the grass, watching the boats go by.
Try not to jump on the boat.
.
A railroad track, and that thoughts and feelings are train cars going by.
Try not to jump on the train.
.
A leaf that has dropped off a tree into a beautiful creek flowing by you as you sit on the grass.
Each time a thought or image comes into your mind, imagine that it is written or pictured on the leaf floating by.
Let each leaf go by, watching as it goes out of sight.
.
The sky, and thoughts have wings and can fly through the sky.
Watch as each flies out of sight.
.
The sky, and thoughts are clouds.
Notice each thought-cloud as it drifts by, letting it drift out of your mind.
.
A white room with two doors.
Through one door, thoughts come in; through the other, thoughts go out.
Watch each thought with attention and curiosity until it leaves.
Let go of judgments.
Let go of analyzing thoughts and of figuring out if they fit the facts.
As a thought comes into your mind, say, A thought has entered my mind.
Handouts for Skills When the Crisis Is Addiction Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheets ) .
pp ; Overview: When the Crisis Is Addiction Skills for backing down from addiction.
You can remember them as D, C, B, A.
D C Dialectical Abstinence B A Clear Mind Community Reinforcement Burning Bridges and Building New Ones Alternate Rebellion Adaptive Denial Distress Tolerance Handout a Common Addictions In case you thought you had no addictions, here is a list.
You are addicted when you are unable to stop a behavior pattern or use of substances, despite negative consequences and despite your best efforts to stop.
Alcohol Internet games Attention seeking Kleptomania/stealing/shoplifting Avoiding: Lying Auto racing Pornography Betting Reckless driving Bulimia (purging/vomiting) Risky behaviors Cheating Self-inflicted injury/self-mutilation Coffee Sex Colas Shopping Collecting: Art Coins Junk Clothes Shoes Music Sleeping Smartphone apps Smoking/tobacco Social networking Speed Spiritual practices Diuretics Sports activities: Biking Body building Hiking/rock climbing Running Weight lifting E-mail Television Food/eating Carbohydrates Chocolate Specific food: Texting Gambling Working Computers Criminal activities Dieting Drugs (illicit and prescribed) Games/puzzles Vandalism Videos Video games Gossiping Imagining/fantasizing Internet Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .
pp ; Dialectical Abstinence ABSTINENCE (Swearing off addictive behavior) vs.
Pro: People who commit to abstinence stay off longer.
Con: It takes longer for people to get back on the wagon once they fall off.
HARM REDUCTION (Acknowledging there will be slips; minimizing the damage, but not demanding perfection) Pro: When a slip does happen, people can get back on the wagon faster.
Con: People who commit to harm reduction relapse quicker.
Synthesis = Dialectical Abstinence The goal is not to engage in addictive behavior again in other words, to achieve complete abstinence.
However, if there is a slip, the goal is to minimize harm and get back to abstinence as soon as possible.
Pros: It works!
Cons: Its work.
You dont get a vacation.
(Youre always either abstinent or working to get back to abstinence.)
An example of expecting the best and planning for the trouble spots: Olympic athletes must believe and behave as though they can win every race, even though they have lost before and will lose again.
Distress Tolerance Handout a (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .
pp ; Planning for Dialectical Abstinence Plan for Abstinence .
.
.
.
.
Enjoy your success, but with a clear mind; plan for temptations to relapse.
Spend time or touch base with people who will reinforce you for abstinence.
Plan reinforcing activities to do instead of addictive behaviors.
Burn bridges: Avoid cues and high-risk situations for addictive behaviors.
Build new bridges: Develop images, smells, and mental activities (such as, urge surfing) to compete with information associated with craving.
.
Find alternative ways to rebel.
.
Publicly announce abstinence; deny any idea of lapsing to addiction.
Plan for Harm Reduction .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Call your therapist, sponsor, or mentor for skills coaching.
Get in contact with other effective people who can help.
Get rid of temptations; surround yourself with cues for effective behaviors.
Review skills and handouts from DBT.
Opposite action (Emotion Regulation Handout ) can be rehearsed to fight guilt and shame.
If no other option works, go to an anonymous meeting of any sort and publicly report your lapse.
Building mastery and coping ahead for emotional situations (Emotion Regulation Handout ), and checking the facts (Emotion Regulation Handout ), can be used to fight feelings of being out of control.
Interpersonal skills (Interpersonal Effectiveness Handouts ), such as asking for help from family, friends, sponsors, ministers, or counselors, can also be helpful.
If you are isolated, help can often be found via online support groups.
Conduct a chain analysis to analyze what prompted the lapse (General Handouts , a).
Problem-solve right away to find a way to get back on the wagon and repair any damage you have done (Emotion Regulation Handout ).
Distract yourself, self-soothe, and improve the moment.
Cheerlead yourself.
Do pros and cons of stopping addictive behaviors (Distress Tolerance Handout ).
Stay away from extreme thinking.
Dont let one slip turn into a disaster.
Recommit to % total abstinence.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; ADDICT MIND FOGGY MIND Clear Mind CLEAR MIND Addict mind is: CLEAN MIND Clean mind is: Impulsive Naive One-minded Risk-taking Willing to do anything for a fix Oblivious to dangers When in addict mind, you are ruled by the addiction.
The urges for habitual problem behaviors determine your thoughts, emotions, and behaviors.
When in clean mind, you are clean but oblivious to dangers that might cue habitual problem behaviors.
You believe you are invincible and immune to future temptation.
Both extremes are DANGEROUS!
Clear mind: The safest place to be.
You are clean, but you remember addict mind.
You radically accept that relapse is not impossible.
You enjoy your success, while still expecting urges and cues and planning for when youre tempted.
Distress Tolerance Handout a (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; Behavior Patterns Characteristic of Addict Mind and of Clean Mind Addict Mind Engaging in addictive behavior.
Thinking, I dont really have a problem with addiction.
Thinking, I can do a little.
Thinking, I can indulge my habit, if only on weekends.
Thinking, I cant stand this!
Clean Mind Engaging in apparently irrelevant behaviors that in the past inevitably led to addictive behavior.
Thinking, Ive learned my lesson.
Thinking, I can control the habit.
Thinking, I dont really have an addiction problem any more.
Glamorizing addiction.
Stopping or cutting back medication that helps with addiction.
Surfing the Internet for ways to engage in addictive behaviors.
Being in environments where others engage in addictive behaviors.
Buying paraphernalia (food, drugs, videos, etc.)
for addictive behavior.
Seeing friends who are still addicted.
Selling or exchanging items related to addictive behaviors.
Living with people who are addicted.
Keeping addiction paraphernalia.
Stealing to pay for addiction.
Carrying around extra money.
Prostituting for money or for paraphernalia.
Being irresponsible with bills.
Lying.
Dressing like an addict.
Hiding.
Not going to meetings.
Isolating.
Not confronting the problems that fuel my addictive behaviors.
Acting always busy; Got to go!
Breaking promises.
Committing crimes.
Acting like a corpse.
Having no life.
Acting desperate/obsessed.
Not looking people in the eyes.
Having poor hygiene.
Avoiding doctors.
Acting as if only willpower is needed.
Isolating.
Believing, I can do this alone.
Thinking, I can take pain medicine/diet/ engage in addictive behavior if prescribed or advised; I dont need to say anything about my past addiction.
Thinking, I cant stand this!
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; Community Reinforcement Community reinforcement means replacing addiction reinforcers with abstinence reinforcers.
Reinforcing Abstinence Is Critical Reinforcers in your environment play a powerful role in encouraging or discouraging addictive behaviors.
To stop addictive behavior, you have to figure out how to make a lifestyle without your addictive behaviors more rewarding than a lifestyle with your addictive behaviors.
You have to find a way to get behaviors incompatible with addictions to pay off and be rewarded by those around you.
Willpower is not sufficient.
If it were, we would all be perfect!
Replace Addiction Reinforcers with Abstinence Reinforcers Begin a series of action steps that will increase your chances of accumulating positive events to replace addictive behavior.
Search for people to spend time with who arent addicted.
Increase the number of enjoyable activities you engage in that do not involve your addiction.
If you cannot decide what people or activities you like, sample a lot of different groups of people and a lot of different activities.
Abstinence Sampling Commit to days off your addiction, and observe the benefits that naturally occur.
Temporarily avoid high-risk addiction triggers, and replace these with competing behaviors to get you through the sampling period.
Observe all the extra positive events occurring when you are not engaging in addictive behaviors.
Note.
Adapted from Meyers, R. J., & Squires, D. D. ( , September).
The community reinforcement approach.
Retrieved from www.bhrm.org/ guidelines/CRAmanual.pdf.
Adapted by permission of the authors.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; Burning Bridges and Building New Ones Burning Bridges Accept at the most radical level that you are not going to engage in addictive behavior again, and then move actively to cut off all addictive behavior options.
.
Make an absolute commitment to abstinence from the addictive behavior, which is (describe addictive behavior).
Then walk into the garage of abstinence and slam the garage door shut.
(Remember that the tiniest slit of space can let an entire elephant in.)
.
List everything in your life that makes addiction possible.
.
Get rid of these things: Throw out contact information of people who collude with you.
Get rid of all possible cues and temptations.
.
List and do everything you can that will make it hard or impossible to continue your addictive behavior.
Ruthlessly and at every moment, tell the truth about your behavior.
Tell all your friends and family that you have quit.
Building New Bridges Create visual images and smells that will compete with the information loaded into your visual and olfactory brain systems when cravings occur.
Cravings and urges are strongly related to vivid images and smells of what is craved.
The stronger the imagery or smell, the stronger the craving.
Build different images or smells to think about.
Try to keep these images or smells in memory when you have an unwanted craving.
For example, whenever you crave a cigarette, imagine being on the beach; see and smell it in your mind to reduce the craving.
When you have unwanted cravings, look at moving images or surround yourself with smells unrelated to the addiction.
Moving images and new smells will compete with your cravings.
Urge-surf by imagining yourself on a surfboard riding the waves of your urges.
Notice them coming and going, rising high, going low, and finally going away.
Distress Tolerance Handout (Distress Tolerance Worksheet ) .p ; Alternate Rebellion and Adaptive Denial Alternate Rebellion When addictive behaviors are a way to rebel against authority, conventions, and the boredom of not breaking rules or laws, try alternate rebellion.
Alternate rebellion replaces destructive rebellion and keeps you on a path to your goals.
Examples: Shave your head.
Wear crazy underwear.
Wear unmatched shoes.
Have secret thoughts.
Express unpopular views.
Do random acts of kindness.
Vacation with your family at a nudist colony.
Write a letter saying exactly what you want to.
Dye your hair a wild color.
Get a tattoo or body piercing.
Wear clothes inside out.
Dont bathe for a week.
Print a slogan on a t-shirt.
Paint your face.
Dress up or dress down where doing so is unexpected.
Adaptive Denial When your mind cant tolerate craving for addictive behaviors, try adaptive denial.
Give logic a break when you are doing this.
Dont argue with yourself.
When urges hit, deny that you want the problem behavior or substance.
Convince yourself you want something other than the problem behavior.
For example, reframe an urge to have a cigarette as an urge to have a flavored toothpick; an urge to have alcohol as an urge to have something sweet; or an urge to gamble as an urge to alternate rebellion (see above).
Be adamant with yourself in your denial, and engage in the alternative behavior.
Put off addictive behavior.
Put it off for minutes, then put it off for another minutes, and so on and on, each time saying, I only have to stand this for minutes.
By telling yourself each day you will be abstinent for today (or each hour for just this hour, and so on), you are saying, This is not forever.
I can stand this right now.