Try not to judge.  Don’t judge your judging.
Stick to your own values.  Don’t sell out your integrity for reasons that aren’t very important.  #DBT
Use mindfulness to create distance from thoughts.  #DBT
Train your mind to be stronger than your emotions or you will lose to your emotion mind.  Be Wise Mind.  #DBT
Do not necessarily act on your emotion.  #DBT
Be willing to give to get.  Offer and ask for other solutions to the problem.  Negotiate.
Check the facts.  What is really going on?  #DBT
When your emotions do not fit the facts, or when acting on your emotions is not effective, acting opposite (all the way) will change your emotional reactions.  #DBT
Be mindful of your goals in the situation.  Focus on what works.  Play by the rules.  Act as skillfully as your can.  Let go of willfulness and sitting on your hands.
Rivet yourself to now.  Do one thing at a time.  Let go of distractions.  Concentrate your mind.
See, but don't evaluate as good or bad.  Accept each moment like a blanket spread out on the lawn.  Acknowledge but don't judge.  Don't judge your judging.  #DBT
Observe your thoughts.  Adopt a curious mind.  Remember: You are not your thoughts.  Don't block or suppress thoughts.
Put words on the experience.  Label what you observe.  Unglue your interpretations and opinions.  Remember, if you can't observe it through your senses you can't describe it.
Throw yourself completely into activities of the current moment.  Become one with whatever your are doing.  Act intuitively from Wise Mind.  Go with the flow.  #DBT
It's when you stop fighting reality, stop throwing tantrums because reality is not the way you want it, and let go of bitterness
Be yourself.  Don't "one up" or "one down" the other person.  Treat the other as an equal.
Look interested in the other person instead of bored.  No multitasking.  Pay attention.
Be sensitive to what is not being said by the other person.  Pay attention to facial expressions, body language.
When the facts themselves are the problem, solving the problem will reduce the frequency of negative emotions.
Take care of your mind by taking care of your body.
Accumulate positive emotions.  Build Mastery.  Cope ahead of time with emotional situations.
Be nice and respectful.  No judging.  No sneering.  No threats.  Radically accept the outcome.
Radically accept your emotion.
Experience your emotion as a wave, coming and going.
Always proceed mindfully.  Think about your goals.
Notice what is going on inside and outside you.  What is the situation?  What are your thoughts and feelings?  What are others saying or doing?
Don’t just react.  Stop!  Stay in control.
Self Soothe.  Repeat.
Never let anyone or anything take away your self respect.
It is better to be effective than right.
